
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011651                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11650600000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                11650600000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74229                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38824686                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 711220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   300.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22274734                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43257040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          180800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1718528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1899328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       180800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        180800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        15680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           15680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           15518514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          147505536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             163024050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      15518514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         15518514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1345853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1345853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1345853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          15518514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         147505536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            164369904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29677                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29677                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1899200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   14336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1899328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                15680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   11650581500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29677                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    276.530748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.142906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   342.922708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3386     48.99%     48.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1512     21.88%     70.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          488      7.06%     77.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          192      2.78%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      1.87%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           77      1.11%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.82%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.71%     85.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1021     14.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2118.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    228.859572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6984.696672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           13     92.86%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    463347750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1019754000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15614.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34364.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       163.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    163.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                71.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     389365.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22448160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11901120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101009580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 407160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            241617300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12034560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1224427830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       167745600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1929298140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4018824090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            344.945676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11089379500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12695500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     130446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   7967416500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    436820500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     418031250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2685190250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26996340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14326125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               110869920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 762120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         290110080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            254322600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             10581120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1217009850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105885120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1960564140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3991514205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            342.601600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11064875250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     122852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8120501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     452603500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2668962250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 9433658                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9433658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            544956                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6986902                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  260265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              28836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6986902                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5265294                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          1721608                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       200397                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5067342                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2316883                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         51168                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          8383                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5787384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           590                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         23301201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            6757103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       36579122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     9433658                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5525559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      15785220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1090632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1984                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          515                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          961                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   5787136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                136240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           23091501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.100390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.457576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 11543414     49.99%     49.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   461429      2.00%     51.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   508072      2.20%     54.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   879247      3.81%     58.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1000675      4.33%     62.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   539605      2.34%     64.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1685191      7.30%     71.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1125471      4.87%     76.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  5348397     23.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             23091501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.404857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.569838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  6095540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               6127012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   9172716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1150917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 545316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               68328440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 545316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  6630834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 3235209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   9671589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3002571                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               65863152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 26785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 857662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  29355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1897578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              320                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            81559686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             171374306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         96327103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1651341                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54062018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 27497668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3754042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5645293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2677744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            171433                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            87971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   61089583                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  55452693                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            196565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        17834167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25676416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      23091501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.401433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.384171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             8488906     36.76%     36.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1982187      8.58%     45.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2474744     10.72%     56.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2439337     10.56%     66.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2344025     10.15%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1960372      8.49%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2103861      9.11%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              982671      4.26%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              315398      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        23091501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1125937     92.99%     92.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     92.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     92.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  9230      0.76%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  42690      3.53%     97.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 19958      1.65%     98.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              2285      0.19%     99.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            10660      0.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            355314      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              46408537     83.69%     84.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               115828      0.21%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                390516      0.70%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              517179      0.93%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4943648      8.92%     95.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2325344      4.19%     99.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          326170      0.59%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          70157      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               55452693                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.379821                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1210760                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.021834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          133542946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          77335749                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52742216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1861266                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1589929                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       857620                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               55368073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  940066                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           300592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1854981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4707                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       693059                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           728                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 545316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2798101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                204156                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            61091208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              9317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5645293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2677744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                666                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  13892                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                186128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         248992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       457667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               706659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              54109011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               5056920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1343682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7373787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6564952                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2316867                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.322155                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       53800818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      53599836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  40881328                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  67865215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.300304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.602390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        17834660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            545077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20561508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.103787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.605062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8652604     42.08%     42.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3019558     14.69%     56.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1758403      8.55%     65.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2547894     12.39%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1043577      5.08%     82.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       824618      4.01%     86.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       291066      1.42%     88.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       357104      1.74%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2066684     10.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20561508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22274734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43257040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5774997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3790312                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5562728                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     650159                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42710472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               175088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       184752      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36475828     84.32%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.19%     84.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           352897      0.82%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         388233      0.90%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3585584      8.29%     94.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1928861      4.46%     99.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       204728      0.47%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55824      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43257040                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2066684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     79586524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   124732000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            8117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          209700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22274734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43257040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.046082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.046082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.955948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.955948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 75551411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                44761634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1123037                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   507610                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  35762307                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 20877174                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                21186550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             96649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1017.874909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6340707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             97673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             64.917705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1017.874909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          13507741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         13507741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4384272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4384272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1956433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1956433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6340705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6340705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6340705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6340705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       336073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        336073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       364329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         364329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       364329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        364329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6426924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6426924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1583666998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1583666998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   8010590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8010590998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8010590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8010590998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4720345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4720345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6705034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6705034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6705034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6705034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19123.595171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19123.595171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56047.104969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56047.104969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21987.245040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21987.245040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21987.245040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21987.245040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          862                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.709812                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    78.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             77471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       266646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       266646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       266654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       266654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       266654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       266654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        97675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1617586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1617586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1555112998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555112998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3172698998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172698998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3172698998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172698998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23299.091132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23299.091132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55052.145214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55052.145214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32482.201157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32482.201157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32482.201157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32482.201157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             28804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.108370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5756441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             29316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            196.358337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.108370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.990446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          11603575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         11603575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      5756441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5756441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       5756441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5756441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      5756441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5756441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        30688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         30688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        30688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          30688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        30688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         30688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    687586993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687586993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    687586993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687586993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    687586993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687586993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5787129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5787129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5787129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      5787129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5787129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      5787129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22405.728395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22405.728395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22405.728395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22405.728395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22405.728395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22405.728395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.843137                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        28804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             28804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    578353994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578353994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    578353994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578353994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    578353994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578353994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19726.925234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19726.925234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19726.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19726.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19726.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19726.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       924                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 21243.958082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      222722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.504111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.005588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2022.246139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      19221.706354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.061714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.586600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.648314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         28756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.877563                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2048960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2048960                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77471                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            77471                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        28785                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            28785                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11082                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11082                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           26482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              26482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          59738                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             59738                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 26482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 70820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    97302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                26482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                70820                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   97302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2832                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2832                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         9688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               26853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              26853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1395582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1395582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256152000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    256152000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    884198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    884198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     256152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2279780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2535932500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2279780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2535932500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77471                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77471                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        28785                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        28785                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28247                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28247                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29314                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          29314                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        69426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         69426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             29314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             97673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               126987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            29314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            97673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              126987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.607675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.607675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096609                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.096609                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139544                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139544                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.096609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.274928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.233764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.096609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.274928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.233764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81303.961550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81303.961550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90449.152542                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90449.152542                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91267.341040                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91267.341040                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90449.152542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84898.540200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85428.078154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90449.152542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84898.540200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85428.078154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2826                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2826                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9687                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          26852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         26852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1223932500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223932500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227443000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227443000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    787254500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787254500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2011187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2238630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2011187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2238630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.607675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.233709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.233709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71303.961550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71303.961550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80482.307148                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80482.307148                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81269.175183                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81269.175183                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80482.307148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74898.964695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75430.622010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80482.307148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74898.964695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75430.622010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          918                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1915008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1915008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1915008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29677    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          157878250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       252446                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       125464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           35                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11650600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             98743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        28804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           19857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         29318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        69426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       291999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                379434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3719488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11209216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14928704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             928                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     15936                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           127917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 127866     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     51      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             127917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          43985480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         146511498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
