
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012706                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12705947000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                12705947000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65911                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   127997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37596689                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 711512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   337.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22274729                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43257028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          179328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1720448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1899776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       179328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        179328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        15296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           15296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           14113706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          135404941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             149518647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14113706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14113706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1203846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1203846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1203846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          14113706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         135404941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            150722492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        239                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      239                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1899456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   13440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1899776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                15296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   12705928500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  239                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    272.168709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   148.489275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   337.813181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3420     48.73%     48.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1525     21.73%     70.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          598      8.52%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          185      2.64%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      1.65%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           72      1.03%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      0.70%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.70%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1004     14.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2278.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    240.050032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   7243.775438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           12     92.31%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.153846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.145622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.554700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12     92.31%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    477428750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1033910000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16086.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34836.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       149.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    149.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22686                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     169                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                70.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     424620.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22926540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12155385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101130960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 417600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         355261920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            251033130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13273440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1465606800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       174563520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       2047863000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4444232295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            349.775762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12120845750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14063500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     150490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   8452221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    454556750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     420500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3214115000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 27296220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14477925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               110777100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 678600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         334364160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            263667180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             11821440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1429810230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       130127520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       2081554680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4404575055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            346.654606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12096895750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     141572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8622521500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    338834750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     456712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3135604750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                10545088                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          10545088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            693078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7377480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  256438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              33889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         7377480                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5361941                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2015539                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       180563                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5238933                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2823231                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         82265                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         11669                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6133176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           620                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         25411895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            7143225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       42490811                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    10545088                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5618379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      17365814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1387014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1518                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          508                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   6132907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                148822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           25206305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.292748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.513682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 12098433     48.00%     48.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   504730      2.00%     50.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   504913      2.00%     52.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   835410      3.31%     55.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1070475      4.25%     59.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   702857      2.79%     62.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1720586      6.83%     69.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1293680      5.13%     74.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  6475221     25.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             25206305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.414967                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.672084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  6280662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               6704778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  10228162                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1299196                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 693507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               77742385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 693507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  6911838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 3958780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  10687514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2949166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               74422945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 25809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 696396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  35155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1919894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               90                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            92246535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             193301414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        110123062                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1696283                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54062004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 38184531                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   4198262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              6073809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             3326862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            228407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           113511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   67614413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  60042464                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            296867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        24358807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33848717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1187                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      25206305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.382041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.468705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             9994080     39.65%     39.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1987955      7.89%     47.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2447983      9.71%     57.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2215364      8.79%     66.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2417837      9.59%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             2157307      8.56%     84.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2346227      9.31%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1139210      4.52%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              500342      1.98%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        25206305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1203096     92.44%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  9477      0.73%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  48281      3.71%     96.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23819      1.83%     98.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1712      0.13%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            15094      1.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            344452      0.57%      0.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              50181147     83.58%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               115882      0.19%     84.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                393343      0.66%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              527172      0.88%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              5176229      8.62%     94.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2887662      4.81%     99.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          338246      0.56%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          78331      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               60042464                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.362770                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1301479                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.021676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          144962899                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          90309681                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     56836388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1926680                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1665327                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       882841                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               60024587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  974904                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           355994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2283498                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2271                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          511                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1342177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           810                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 693507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3412527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                268723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            67615836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             12894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               6073809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              3326862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  10709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                254215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            511                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         235173                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       730752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               965925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              58293384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               5225786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1749080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      8048998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6880164                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2823212                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.293941                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       58020283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      57719229                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  43306018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  71511225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.271347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.605584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        24364606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            693212                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21774961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.986549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.571518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9698656     44.54%     44.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3200052     14.70%     59.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1831174      8.41%     67.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2487518     11.42%     79.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1113666      5.11%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       716231      3.29%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       296043      1.36%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       332971      1.53%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2098650      9.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21774961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22274729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43257028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5774996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3790311                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5562726                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     650159                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42710460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               175088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       184752      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36475817     84.32%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.19%     84.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           352897      0.82%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         388233      0.90%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3585583      8.29%     94.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1928861      4.46%     99.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       204728      0.47%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55824      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43257028                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2098650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     87297945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   138685962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            9956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          205590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22274729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43257028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.140840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.140840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.876547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.876547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 81650859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                48141736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1144117                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   519038                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  37115109                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 22469672                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                22633731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             96972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1018.426474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6437935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             97996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             65.695896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1018.426474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          13673496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         13673496                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4481495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4481495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1956434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1956434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6437929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6437929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6437929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6437929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       321566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        321566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       349821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         349821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       349821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        349821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6196801500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6196801500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1588895996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1588895996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7785697496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7785697496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7785697496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7785697496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4803061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4803061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6787750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6787750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6787750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6787750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19270.698706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19270.698706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56234.153106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56234.153106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22256.232462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22256.232462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22256.232462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22256.232462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               485                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.494845                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    77.190476                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             77555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       251813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       251813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       251822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       251822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       251822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       251822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        97999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1632153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1560281996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560281996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3192434996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192434996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3192434996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192434996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23399.036601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23399.036601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55239.042555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55239.042555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32576.199716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32576.199716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32576.199716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32576.199716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             29814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.815196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             6101242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             30326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            201.188485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.815196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.989873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          12296130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         12296130                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6101244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         6101244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       6101244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          6101244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      6101244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         6101244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        31657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         31657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          31657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        31657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         31657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    704837492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    704837492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    704837492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    704837492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    704837492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    704837492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6132901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6132901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      6132901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6132901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      6132901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6132901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22264.822693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22264.822693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22264.822693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22264.822693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22264.822693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22264.822693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.870588                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             29814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        30329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        30329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    589776993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    589776993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    589776993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589776993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    589776993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589776993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19445.975568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19445.975568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19445.975568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19445.975568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19445.975568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19445.975568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       927                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 20849.927605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      225357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.590589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.007229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2006.073827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      18843.846549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.061221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.575069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.636289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         28762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.877747                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2070177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2070177                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            77555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        29787                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            29787                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           27507                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              27507                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          60035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             60035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 27507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 71113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    98620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                27507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                71113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   98620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         9718                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9718                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               26883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              26883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1400719500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1400719500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    255258500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    255258500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    895174000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    895174000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     255258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2295893500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2551152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    255258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2295893500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2551152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        29787                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        29787                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        30323                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          30323                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        69753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         69753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             30323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             97996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               128319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            30323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            97996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              128319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.607761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.607761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092867                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.092867                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.092867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.274328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.231447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.092867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.274328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.231447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81603.233324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81603.233324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90645.774148                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90645.774148                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92115.044248                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92115.044248                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90645.774148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85403.173009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85900.266002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90645.774148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85403.173009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85900.266002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst              13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2803                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2803                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9717                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9717                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          26882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         26882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1229069500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229069500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226081500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226081500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    797930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    797930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2027000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2253081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2027000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2253081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.607761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.231338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.231338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71603.233324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71603.233324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80656.974670                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80656.974670                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82116.959967                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82116.959967                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80656.974670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75403.615802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75899.663130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80656.974670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75403.615802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75899.663130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30605                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          921                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1915072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1915072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1915072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29684    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37935500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          157919250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       255114                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       126797                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           55                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12705947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            100081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        29814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         30329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        69753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       292970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                383435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3848704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15083968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             933                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     15680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           129255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 129184     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     71      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             129255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234926000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          45507469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         146996997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
