
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11271126000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                11271126000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73963                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   143635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37425864                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 711484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   301.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22274734                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43257040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          183424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1718784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1902208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       183424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        183424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        15680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           15680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           16273796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          152494436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             168768231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      16273796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16273796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1391165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1391165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1391165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          16273796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         152494436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            170159397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1902016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   14336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1902208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                15680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   11271107500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    276.867351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.376296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   342.884564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3386     48.98%     48.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1516     21.93%     70.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          492      7.12%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177      2.56%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          140      2.03%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           70      1.01%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      0.88%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.88%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1010     14.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2121.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    231.084552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6991.956383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           13     92.86%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    468682000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1025913250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15770.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34520.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       168.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    168.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                73.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     376117.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22640940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12007380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101195220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 407160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         310393200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            242560080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12169440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1221702660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       172932000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1837493460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3933560970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            348.994499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10707405250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13439500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     131504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   7577859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    450316000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     418729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2679277250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26803560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14227455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               110998440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 762120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         289495440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            253114200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             10674240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1225154010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101911680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1867160760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3900354495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            346.048345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10688072500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9658000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     122580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   7735996500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    265362500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     450613250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2686915750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 9058978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9058978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            482575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              5870078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  248649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              12839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         5870078                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5079020                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           791058                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       160764                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5000629                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2295573                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         46319                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1937                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5522498                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           612                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         22542253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            6405405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       35210287                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     9058978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5327669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      15410317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  965892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1857                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          504                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          803                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   5522232                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                124604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           22302176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.102128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.454461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 11156164     50.02%     50.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   427286      1.92%     51.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   473057      2.12%     54.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   840618      3.77%     57.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   983879      4.41%     62.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   514003      2.30%     64.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1664914      7.47%     72.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1144109      5.13%     77.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  5098146     22.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             22302176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.401867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.561968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  5892385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               5944799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   8888290                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1093756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 482946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               65730286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 482946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  6369514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2877903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   9377871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3188125                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               63466916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 25147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 873322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  27301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                2066148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              313                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            78880590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             166191747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         92889878                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1860698                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54062018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 24818572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3852940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5479696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2600123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            174526                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            94699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   59349450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  54015813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            294577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        16094182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24305676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1537                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      22302176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.421997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.369148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             7953028     35.66%     35.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1943073      8.71%     44.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2539589     11.39%     55.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2433245     10.91%     66.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2323669     10.42%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1804265      8.09%     85.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2074526      9.30%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              915578      4.11%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              315203      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        22302176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1126359     92.29%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  9231      0.76%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  43853      3.59%     96.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 20088      1.65%     98.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             10586      0.87%     99.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            10374      0.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            319525      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              45145672     83.58%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               115447      0.21%     84.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                390671      0.72%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              515732      0.95%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4778744      8.85%     94.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2293833      4.25%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          386136      0.71%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          70053      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               54015813                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.396203                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1220491                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.022595                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          129863571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          73548172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     51626750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1985299                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1897565                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       860071                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               53910564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 1006215                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           292336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1689384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4221                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          405                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       615438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          482                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           815                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 482946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2577478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 53492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            59351223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              9693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5479696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2600123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  13565                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 35681                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            405                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         234863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       383871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               618734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              52976255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4990035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1039558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7285591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6429915                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2295556                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.350087                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       52646824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      52486821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  39945222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  66333726                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.328375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.602186                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        16094473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            482683                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20043688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.158138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.623372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8200323     40.91%     40.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2962045     14.78%     55.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1766010      8.81%     64.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2499780     12.47%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1061233      5.29%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825050      4.12%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       301453      1.50%     87.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       337617      1.68%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2090177     10.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20043688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22274734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43257040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5774997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3790312                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5562728                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     650159                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42710472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               175088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       184752      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36475828     84.32%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.19%     84.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           352897      0.82%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         388233      0.90%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3585584      8.29%     94.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1928861      4.46%     99.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       204728      0.47%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55824      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43257040                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2090177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     77305024                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   120974226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           11638                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          240077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22274734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43257040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.012010                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.012010                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.988133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.988133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 74270682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                43782074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1118964                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   509335                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  35559473                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 20618634                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                20755128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             96929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1017.677571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6288161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             97953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             64.195696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1017.677571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          13400707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         13400707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4331785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4331785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1956373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1956373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6288158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6288158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6288158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6288158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       334903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        334903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       363219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         363219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       363219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        363219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6368670500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6368670500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1586288499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1586288499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7954958999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7954958999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7954958999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7954958999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4666688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4666688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6651377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6651377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6651377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6651377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19016.462976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19016.462976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56020.924530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56020.924530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21901.274435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21901.274435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21901.274435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21901.274435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.077895                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    49.933333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             77604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       265256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       265256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       265263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       265263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       265263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       265263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        97956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1623592500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623592500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1557685999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1557685999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3181278499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181278499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3181278499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181278499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014264                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014264                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23311.736327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23311.736327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55024.409163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55024.409163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32476.606834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32476.606834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32476.606834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32476.606834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             29110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.733604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5491118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             29622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            185.372966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.733604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.989714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          11074076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         11074076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      5491118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5491118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       5491118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5491118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      5491118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5491118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        31108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         31108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        31108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          31108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        31108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         31108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    705608493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705608493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    705608493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    705608493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    705608493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    705608493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5522226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5522226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5522226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      5522226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5522226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      5522226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22682.541243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22682.541243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22682.541243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22682.541243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22682.541243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22682.541243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6777                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               114                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.447368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        29110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             29110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        29625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    585407995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585407995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    585407995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585407995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    585407995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585407995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19760.607426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19760.607426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19760.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19760.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19760.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19760.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       946                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 21079.424139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      223839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.530328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.005135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2036.002998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      19043.416006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.062134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.581159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.643293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         28779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878265                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2058317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2058317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            77604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        29083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            29083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           26744                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              26744                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          59960                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             59960                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 26744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 71096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    97840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                26744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                71096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   97840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            17170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2875                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2875                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         9687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               26857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              26857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1397454500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1397454500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259971500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    259971500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    887493500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    887493500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     259971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2284948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2544919500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2284948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2544919500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        29083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        29083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        29619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          29619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        69647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         69647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             29619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             97953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               127572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            29619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            97953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              127572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.606585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.606585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.097066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.097066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.097066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.274183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.233061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.097066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.274183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.233061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81389.312755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81389.312755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90424.869565                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90424.869565                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91616.960875                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91616.960875                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90424.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85078.303608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85595.301359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90424.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85078.303608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85595.301359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9686                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9686                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          26856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         26856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1225754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1225754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230633500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230633500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    790560000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790560000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230633500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2016314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2246948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230633500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2016314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2246948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.606585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.232990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.096796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.232990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71389.312755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71389.312755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80444.192536                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80444.192536                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81618.831303                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81618.831303                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80444.192536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75078.734733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75596.272247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80444.192536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75078.734733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75596.272247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30661                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1917888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1917888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1917888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29722    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38301500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          158102250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       253620                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       126051                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11271126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             99271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        29110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         29625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        69647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       292841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                381194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3758592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11235648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14994240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     16064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           128527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 128463     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     64      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             128527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          44448475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         146931998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
