
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011705                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11705456000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                11705456000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   136079                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36972342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 710160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   316.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22378749                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43082649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          178112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         2124736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2302848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       178112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        178112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        60480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           60480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            33199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               35982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           15216152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          181516722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             196732874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      15216152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         15216152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5166821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5166821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5166821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          15216152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         181516722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            201899695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       35982                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        945                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     35982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      945                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2302656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2302848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                60480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   11705372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 35982                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  945                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   32130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    313.905573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.012963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   366.150602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3458     45.99%     45.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1588     21.12%     67.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          420      5.59%     72.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          227      3.02%     75.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          207      2.75%     78.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          139      1.85%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      1.09%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      1.20%     82.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1308     17.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     630.631579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     77.781994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3485.346235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           54     94.74%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      1.75%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.140351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.131921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.548979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               53     92.98%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.75%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.51%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    534600000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1209206250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  179895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14858.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33608.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       196.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    196.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      16.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    28583                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     788                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     316986.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 24868620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 13191420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               124236000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1096200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         366940080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            291554430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13963680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1513887510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       165864960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1763803440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4279406340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            365.590742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11029748750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     155538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   7277850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    431913500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     506544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3320033000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 28881300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 15343185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               132654060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3706200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         362637600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            307623300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13134720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1525452810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       138382080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1763640600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4291455855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            366.620135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10996569250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     11974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     153676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   7290976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    360333500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     543035500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3345460750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 9715641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9715641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            532800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6438815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   98875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6438815                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5825550                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           613265                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       130009                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5186018                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2005177                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         36652                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5784325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           610                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         23410913                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            6086284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       38327739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     9715641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5924425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      16603533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1066172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2325                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          774                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          619                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   5784052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 58261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           23227078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.198122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.417914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 11122721     47.89%     47.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   469896      2.02%     49.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   437778      1.88%     51.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1016262      4.38%     56.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1116522      4.81%     60.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   208454      0.90%     61.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2331731     10.04%     71.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1799673      7.75%     79.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4724041     20.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             23227078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.415005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.637174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  5282256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               6951813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   9379787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1080136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 533086                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               69792738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 533086                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  5836041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4208676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           6055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   9629404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3013816                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               67296390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 38218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 958902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 135412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1507367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              331                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            84598384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             172245342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         96987322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            780911                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54618658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 29979726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            207                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   4591478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5972633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2489051                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            469959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           182934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   63397051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              110406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  56970157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            518780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        20424807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28081948                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          63192                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      23227078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.452747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.408874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             8424113     36.27%     36.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1959410      8.44%     44.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2419409     10.42%     55.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2516961     10.84%     65.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2303992      9.92%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1908248      8.22%     84.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2306099      9.93%     94.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1083524      4.66%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              305322      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        23227078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1382828     93.67%     93.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     93.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     93.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  6119      0.41%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     94.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  64549      4.37%     98.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 20976      1.42%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               969      0.07%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              774      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            303395      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              48548726     85.22%     85.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               340189      0.60%     86.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 79789      0.14%     86.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              199311      0.35%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              5309716      9.32%     96.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2091603      3.67%     99.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           94349      0.17%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           3079      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               56970157                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.433487                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1476215                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.025912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          138549782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          83210452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55156116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              612605                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             722037                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       261928                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               57834180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  308797                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           144799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1909566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4893                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       762627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1493                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 533086                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3702111                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 95609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            63507457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              7882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5972633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2489051                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              37021                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  33354                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 43191                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         348197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       350783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               698980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              55844085                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               5183476                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1126072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7188631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6649124                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2005155                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.385387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       55611737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      55418044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  42244277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  66633465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.367188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.633980                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        20425566                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           47214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            532906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20412306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.110621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.652831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9025674     44.22%     44.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2751117     13.48%     57.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1456409      7.13%     64.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2507578     12.28%     77.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       913122      4.47%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       736223      3.61%     85.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614563      3.01%     88.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       385961      1.89%     90.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2021659      9.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20412306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22378749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43082649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5789491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       4063067                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       31420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5696563                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     133029                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42769662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                77085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       125258      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36798448     85.41%     85.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          209505      0.49%     86.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            66980      0.16%     86.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          92967      0.22%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         4027313      9.35%     95.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1723558      4.00%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        35754      0.08%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2866      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43082649                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2021659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     81898862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   129836231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          183835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22378749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43082649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.046123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.046123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.955911                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.955911                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 76898015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                46670424                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    430844                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   244122                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  35579877                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 23057425                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                21811966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            144059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1018.068230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6218436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            145083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             42.861231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1018.068230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          13624757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         13624757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4530971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4530971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1687461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1687461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6218432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6218432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6218432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6218432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       482439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        482439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        38966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       521405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         521405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       521405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        521405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11442172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11442172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1864915494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1864915494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13307087494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13307087494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13307087494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13307087494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      5013410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5013410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1726427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1726427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6739837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6739837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6739837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6739837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.096230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23717.344576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23717.344576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47860.070164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47860.070164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25521.595485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25521.595485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25521.595485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25521.595485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          867                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               805                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.968944                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    48.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       124655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            124655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       376148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       376148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       376319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       376319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       376319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       376319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       106291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       106291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       145086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       145086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       145086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       145086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2376144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2376144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1825384494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1825384494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4201528494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4201528494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4201528494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4201528494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22355.081804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22355.081804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47052.055523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47052.055523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28958.882966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28958.882966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28958.882966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28958.882966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.648080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5778561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1421.190605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.648080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.991500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          11572156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         11572156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      5778561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5778561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       5778561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5778561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      5778561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5778561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    347822492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    347822492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    347822492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    347822492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    347822492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    347822492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5784044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5784044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5784044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      5784044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5784044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      5784044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63436.529637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63436.529637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63436.529637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63436.529637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63436.529637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63436.529637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.390476                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264154493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264154493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264154493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    264154493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    264154493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    264154493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64918.774392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64918.774392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64918.774392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64918.774392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64918.774392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64918.774392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4045                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 23898.172392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      260680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     36021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.236890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.145766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1795.773323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22099.253303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.054803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.674416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.729314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2409749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2409749                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       124655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           124655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3534                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3534                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              19478                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 19478                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1265                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1265                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          92405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             92405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                111883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   113148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               111883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  113148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            19314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               19314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        13886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           13886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               33200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  35997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              33200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 35997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1560721000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1560721000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    244578000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    244578000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1240854000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1240854000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     244578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2801575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3046153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    244578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2801575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3046153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       124655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       124655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3534                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3534                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          38792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             38792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       106291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        106291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              4062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            145083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               149145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             4062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           145083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              149145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.497886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.497886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.688577                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.688577                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.130641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.688577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.228835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.241356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.688577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.228835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.241356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80807.756032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80807.756032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87442.974616                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87442.974616                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89360.074896                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89360.074896                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87442.974616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84384.789157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84622.412979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87442.974616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84384.789157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84622.412979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst              13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        19314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2784                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        13885                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        13885                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          33199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             35983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         33199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            35983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1367581000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1367581000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215728500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215728500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1101930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215728500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2469511500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2685240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215728500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2469511500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2685240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.497886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.685377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.685377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.241262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.685377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.241262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70807.756032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70807.756032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77488.685345                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77488.685345                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79361.217141                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79361.217141                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77488.685345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74385.117022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74625.239697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77488.685345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74385.117022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74625.239697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39961                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3979                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         16668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        75943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        75943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  75943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2363328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2363328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2363328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             35982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   35982    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               35982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          191049500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       296768                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       147626                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           55                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             66                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           66                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11705456000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            110359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       125600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            38792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           38792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       106291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       434231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                445915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       487360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17263232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17750592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4052                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     60928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           153200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 153067     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    133      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             153200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          276593000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6118467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         217627996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
