
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012036                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12036253000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                12036253000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64782                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   125805                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35005332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 711444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   343.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22274729                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43257028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          181888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1721216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1903104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       181888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        181888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        15808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           15808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           15111680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          143002644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             158114323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      15111680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         15111680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1313366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1313366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1313366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          15111680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         143002644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            159427689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29736                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        247                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      247                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1902784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   14336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1903104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                15808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   12036234500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  247                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    274.606677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.669565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   342.262230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3460     49.58%     49.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1533     21.97%     71.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          452      6.48%     78.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          187      2.68%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      1.79%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      1.02%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           68      0.97%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          127      1.82%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          956     13.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2121.714286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    217.264900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6991.775701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           13     92.86%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    474335000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1031791250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15954.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34704.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       158.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    158.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     179                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     401435.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22726620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12075690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101188080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         338666640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            248130120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12695520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1376328840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       172362720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1936837260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             4221439530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            350.727052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11459186500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     143470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   7991923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    448824750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     420121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3018486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 27132000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14409615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               111091260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 741240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         320227440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            262600140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             11162400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1361782440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       123318240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1960757100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4193221875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            348.382663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11431147250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     135580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8123804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    321092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     459448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2986394500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 9841181                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9841181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            597160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6493126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  261033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              25526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6493126                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5428597                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          1064529                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       152631                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5215941                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2555769                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         65942                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13946                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5899969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           610                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         24072507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            6897392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       38861703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     9841181                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5689630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      16367615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1195136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1973                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           38                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1000                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   5899705                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                120693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           23866158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.179537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.474325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 11731308     49.15%     49.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   487110      2.04%     51.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   471555      1.98%     53.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   811500      3.40%     56.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1042049      4.37%     60.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   646629      2.71%     63.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1721394      7.21%     70.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1348006      5.65%     76.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  5606607     23.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             23866158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.408814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.614360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  6257869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               6201535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   9627443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1181743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 597568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               71581950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 597568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  6777920                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 3495160                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  10101485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2888359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               69064369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 27153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 685230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  32919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1900496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            86222690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             180477406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        101580415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1719063                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54062004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 32160686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3924318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5829840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2906822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            234041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           120552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   63491395                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  57058889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            207585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        20235946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29590646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1344                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      23866158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.390787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.396955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             8925014     37.40%     37.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1990883      8.34%     45.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2543417     10.66%     56.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2367790      9.92%     66.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2611536     10.94%     77.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1924676      8.06%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2097455      8.79%     94.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1019548      4.27%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              385839      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        23866158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1028375     91.68%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  9404      0.84%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  48914      4.36%     96.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23226      2.07%     98.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1774      0.16%     99.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             9980      0.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            308942      0.54%      0.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              47659910     83.53%     84.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               115337      0.20%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                393205      0.69%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              528898      0.93%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              5074135      8.89%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2557039      4.48%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          341922      0.60%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          79501      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               57058889                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.370293                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1121673                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.019658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          137378378                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          82037242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     54261885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1934816                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1692057                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       887315                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               56895261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  976359                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           346122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2039529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4485                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       922137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           900                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 597568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2933519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                281256                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            63492975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             13344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5829840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2906822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  10500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                267029                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         232967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       528628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               761595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              55714838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               5204962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1344051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7760716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6642556                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2555754                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.314459                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       55419181                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      55149200                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  41852861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  68628455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.290962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.609847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        20241554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            597266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21008521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.059023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.580140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8893889     42.33%     42.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3279184     15.61%     57.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1778307      8.46%     66.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2381570     11.34%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1196848      5.70%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       790246      3.76%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       338723      1.61%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       292472      1.39%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2057282      9.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21008521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22274729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43257028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5774996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3790311                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5562726                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     650159                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42710460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               175088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       184752      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36475817     84.32%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.19%     84.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           352897      0.82%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         388233      0.90%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3585583      8.29%     94.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1928861      4.46%     99.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       204728      0.47%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55824      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43257028                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2057282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     82449821                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   129873283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            7802                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          206349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22274729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43257028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.080709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.080709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.925318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.925318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 77804867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                46088054                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1149082                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   521846                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  36475388                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 21704929                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                21818695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             97049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1018.062286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6435539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             98073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             65.619885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1018.062286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          13679755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         13679755                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4479103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4479103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1956429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1956429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6435532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6435532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6435532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6435532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       327049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        327049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       355309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         355309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       355309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        355309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6184971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6184971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1585274997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1585274997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7770245997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7770245997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7770245997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7770245997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4806152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4806152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6790841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6790841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6790841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6790841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.068048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18911.450578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18911.450578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56096.072081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56096.072081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21868.981639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21868.981639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21868.981639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21868.981639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.767677                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   140.545455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             77564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       257224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       257224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       257230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       257230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       257230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       257230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1631442500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631442500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1556736497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1556736497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3188178997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188178997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3188178997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188178997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23364.733262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23364.733262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55097.915233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55097.915233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32506.234739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32506.234739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32506.234739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32506.234739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             31989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.553261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5865774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             32501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            180.479801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.553261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.989362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          11831900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         11831900                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      5865776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5865776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       5865776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5865776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      5865776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5865776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        33921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         33921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        33921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          33921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        33921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         33921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    739248987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    739248987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    739248987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    739248987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    739248987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    739248987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5899697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5899697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5899697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      5899697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5899697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      5899697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21793.254533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21793.254533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21793.254533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21793.254533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21793.254533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21793.254533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6976                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.929134                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        31989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             31989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        32507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        32507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        32507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620853989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620853989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620853989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    620853989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620853989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620853989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19099.086012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.086012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19099.086012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.086012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19099.086012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.086012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       950                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 20850.613148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      229817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.727799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.005006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2009.334787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      18841.273355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.061320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.574990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.636310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         28789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        17932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878571                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2106307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2106307                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            77564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        31965                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            31965                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           29643                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              29643                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          60095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             60095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 29643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 71178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   100821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                29643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                71178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  100821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2856                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2856                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         9730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               26895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              26895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1397090000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1397090000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    260638500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    260638500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    893658000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    893658000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     260638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2290748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2551386500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    260638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2290748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2551386500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        31965                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        31965                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        32499                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          32499                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        69825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         69825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             32499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             98073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               130572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            32499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            98073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              130572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.607654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.607654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.087880                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.087880                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.087880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.274234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.227851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.087880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.274234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.227851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81391.785610                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81391.785610                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91259.978992                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91259.978992                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91845.632066                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91845.632066                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91259.978992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85173.749768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85758.008134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91259.978992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85173.749768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85758.008134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst              13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2843                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2843                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          26894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         26894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1225440000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1225440000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231064000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231064000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    796294500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    796294500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2021734500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2252798500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2021734500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2252798500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.607654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.087480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.087480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.227744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.087480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.274224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.227744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71391.785610                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71391.785610                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81274.709814                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81274.709814                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81847.517730                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81847.517730                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81274.709814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75174.183833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.423412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81274.709814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75174.183833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.423412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          946                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1918912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1918912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1918912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29736    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37781500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          158160750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       259624                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       129048                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12036253000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            102331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        31989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         32507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        69825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       293207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                390201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4127168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11240768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15367936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             958                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     16320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           131536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 131442     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     94      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             131536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          239365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          48775467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         147113498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
