
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010675                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10674923000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                10674923000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70377                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   136670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33727214                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 710908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   316.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22274719                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43257006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          171840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1726144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1897984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       171840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        171840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        15232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           15232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            26971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               29656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           16097540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          161700838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             177798378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      16097540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16097540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1426896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1426896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1426896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          16097540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         161700838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            179225274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       29656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     29656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1897728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   13440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1897984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                15232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   10674904500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 29656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   26064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    275.119758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   148.078913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   342.292042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3419     49.27%     49.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1566     22.57%     71.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          382      5.51%     77.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          209      3.01%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.32%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           77      1.11%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.97%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           56      0.81%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1002     14.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2278.692308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    244.357503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   7239.078710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           12     92.31%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.153846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.145622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.554700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12     92.31%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    479310250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1035285250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  148260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16164.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34914.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       177.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    177.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      12.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     172                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     357091.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22676640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12037740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               100823940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 391500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         350344800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            246499350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14692320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1314410880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       230838720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1615709580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3908430750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            366.131985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10096172750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18251500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     148524000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6612459250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    601119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     411927000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2882641750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26939220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14295765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               110891340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 704700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            259231440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             11906880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1276446600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       136123680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1678330440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3828336465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            358.628954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10075377750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     132786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6921714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    354468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     453871000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2799473000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 8410527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           8410527                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            405086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7376644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  252753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              44095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         7376644                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4592737                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2783907                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       186706                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4796821                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2317875                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         61326                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          8993                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5125051                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           517                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         21349847                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            6122658                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       33564619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     8410527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4845490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      14601702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  810976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1189                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          145                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   5124879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 97470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           21132254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.092342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.466451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 10670280     50.49%     50.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   418968      1.98%     52.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   435935      2.06%     54.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   694848      3.29%     57.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   901054      4.26%     62.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   541607      2.56%     64.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1512088      7.16%     71.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1071794      5.07%     76.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4885680     23.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             21132254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.393939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.572125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  5639619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               5625531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   8455415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1006201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 405488                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               62467926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 405488                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  6071436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2827137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           7514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   8931348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2889331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               60621954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 28645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 774873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  18849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1896783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               78                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            75067346                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             157744934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         88785623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1859246                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54061980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 21005366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3536507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5255361                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2620316                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            180885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            74778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   57034923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  52440847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            165179                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        13779479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20755668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      21132254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.481555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.385895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             7347018     34.77%     34.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1822756      8.63%     43.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2358086     11.16%     54.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2319589     10.98%     65.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2294896     10.86%     76.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1766949      8.36%     84.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1980037      9.37%     94.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              894783      4.23%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              348140      1.65%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        21132254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1061247     92.15%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  9909      0.86%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  40494      3.52%     96.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23712      2.06%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              3624      0.31%     98.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            12654      1.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            324367      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              43745124     83.42%     84.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               102673      0.20%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                382916      0.73%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              543853      1.04%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4615561      8.80%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2300373      4.39%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          345621      0.66%     99.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          80359      0.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               52440847                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.456263                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1151640                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.021961                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          125345741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          69001033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50175882                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1985026                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1815341                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       901735                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               52266097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 1002023                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           299230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1465054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       635631                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           854                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 405488                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2352780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                208766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            57036486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             35693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5255361                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2620316                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  12031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                192648                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         165569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       355297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               520866                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              51472542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4785096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            968305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7102473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6283877                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2317377                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.410909                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       51265644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      51077617                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  38713550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  64369070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.392411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.601431                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        13780202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            405164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     19165753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.256995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.680800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7586935     39.59%     39.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2863593     14.94%     54.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1601511      8.36%     62.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2420867     12.63%     75.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1075770      5.61%     81.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       774571      4.04%     85.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       318780      1.66%     86.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       350633      1.83%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2173093     11.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     19165753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22274719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43257006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5774992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3790307                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5562722                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     650159                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42710438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               175088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       184752      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36475799     84.32%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.19%     84.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           352897      0.82%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         388233      0.90%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3585579      8.29%     94.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1928861      4.46%     99.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       204728      0.47%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55824      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43257006                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2173093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     74029868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   116053223                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            6422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          217593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22274719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43257006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.958479                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.958479                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.043320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.043320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 72696794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                42476268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1173264                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   538996                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  34476070                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 20092139                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                20041505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             97418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1017.251911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6054423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             98442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             61.502438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1017.251911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          12950156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         12950156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4097965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4097965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1956456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1956456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6054421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6054421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6054421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6054421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       343203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        343203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       371436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         371436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       371436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        371436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6701807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6701807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1577966997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1577966997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   8279773997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8279773997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8279773997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8279773997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4441168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4441168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6425857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6425857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6425857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6425857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19527.238981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19527.238981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55890.872277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55890.872277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22291.253398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22291.253398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22291.253398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22291.253398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               482                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.753112                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   113.105263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             77611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       272985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       272985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       272992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       272992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       272992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       272992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        70218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        98444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1643358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1549364497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549364497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3192722497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192722497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3192722497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192722497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23403.657182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23403.657182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54891.394353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54891.394353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32431.864786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32431.864786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32431.864786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32431.864786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             37296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           504.935268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             5085875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             37808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            134.518488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   504.935268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.986202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          10287563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         10287563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      5085876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         5085876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       5085876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          5085876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      5085876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         5085876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        39001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         39001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        39001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          39001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        39001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         39001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    785352998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    785352998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    785352998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    785352998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    785352998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    785352998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      5124877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5124877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      5124877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      5124877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      5124877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      5124877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20136.740032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20136.740032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20136.740032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20136.740032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20136.740032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20136.740032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                35                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.457143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             37296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        37809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        37809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    684671999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684671999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    684671999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    684671999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    684671999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    684671999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18108.704250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18108.704250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18108.704250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18108.704250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18108.704250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18108.704250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       918                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 20745.989627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      241242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     29658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      8.134129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.005484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1872.469128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      18873.515015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.057143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.575974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.633117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         28740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        22574                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.877075                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2196922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2196922                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            77611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        37271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            37271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              11060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 11060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           35109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              35109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          60411                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             60411                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 35109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 71471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   106580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                35109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                71471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  106580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2693                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2693                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         9806                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9806                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               26971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              26971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1390074500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1390074500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259129000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    259129000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    901438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    901438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     259129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2291512500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2550641500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2291512500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2550641500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        37271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        37271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        37802                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          37802                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        70217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         70217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             37802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             98442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               136244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            37802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            98442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              136244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.608149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.608149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071240                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.071240                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139653                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139653                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.071240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.273979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.217727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.071240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.273979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.217727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80983.076027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80983.076027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96223.171185                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96223.171185                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91927.187436                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91927.187436                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96223.171185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84962.088910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85984.408711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96223.171185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84962.088910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85984.408711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2685                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2685                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          26971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         26971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1218424500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218424500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231499500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231499500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    803378000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803378000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231499500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2021802500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2253302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231499500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2021802500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2253302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.608149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.139653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.217668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70983.076027                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70983.076027                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86219.553073                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86219.553073                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81927.187436                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81927.187436                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86219.553073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74962.088910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75981.319126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86219.553073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74962.088910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75981.319126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30569                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          913                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1913216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1913216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1913216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   29656    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37872500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          157753500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       270967                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       134721                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           57                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10674923000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            108026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        77849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        37296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         37809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       112907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                407213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4806272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11267392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16073664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             925                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     15680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           137171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 137103     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     68      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             137171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          250390500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          56726474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         147664499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
