
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010066                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10065583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                10065583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74068                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   142593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33314622                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 709120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   302.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22378732                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43082617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          164288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         2132224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2296512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       164288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        164288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        63168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           63168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            33316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               35883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           16321757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          211833135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             228154892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      16321757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16321757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6275642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6275642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6275642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          16321757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         211833135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            234430534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       35883                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        987                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     35883                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      987                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2296320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   62080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2296512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                63168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   10065404000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 35883                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  987                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   32233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    313.055120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.201387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   365.663772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3302     43.86%     43.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1805     23.97%     67.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412      5.47%     73.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          241      3.20%     76.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          144      1.91%     78.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          148      1.97%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      0.96%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      0.88%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1339     17.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     597.983333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     76.892229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3379.546196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           57     95.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      3.33%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      1.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.166667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.156985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.587054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               55     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.67%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      5.00%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    537378250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1210128250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  179400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14977.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33727.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       228.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    228.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      16.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    28475                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     835                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     272997.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 24668700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 13081365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               123343500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1117080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         344198400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            290292450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14143680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1373064450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       170223840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1443283320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3797416785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            377.267445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9392156000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14345500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     145798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5937750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    443265000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     513235250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3011188500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 29166900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 15491190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               132839700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3946320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         349115520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            310845510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13646400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1431949440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       138054720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1419681360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3844737060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            381.968641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9348364250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     147854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5848612250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    359462750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     556100750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3140289250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 7607100                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           7607100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            276200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6388440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   95858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               8483                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6388440                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4527848                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          1860592                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        70886                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4752672                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1879709                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         23201                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4940774                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           471                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         20131167                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            5118057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       31185918                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     7607100                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4623706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      14539204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  552974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           868                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           45                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          196                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   4940632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 68195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           19935149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.980614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.388537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 10138132     50.86%     50.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   380577      1.91%     52.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   374116      1.88%     54.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   937379      4.70%     59.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1075692      5.40%     64.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   291980      1.46%     66.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1368414      6.86%     73.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1445994      7.25%     80.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3922865     19.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             19935149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.377877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.549136                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  4546163                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               6346906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7932471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                833122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 276487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               56573946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 276487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  4923995                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 3143083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           5512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   8257280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3328792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               55285878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 41604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 877252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  91073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                2095338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents                5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            69817636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             140631312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         79478679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            894340                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              54618614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 15199022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3736637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5280782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2095033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            435053                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           204182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   53145172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              117646                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  49850340                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             86463                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        10180200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14221191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          70432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      19935149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.500625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.364394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             6654440     33.38%     33.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1841185      9.24%     42.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2303934     11.56%     54.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2373121     11.90%     66.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1965497      9.86%     75.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1810318      9.08%     85.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1854092      9.30%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              816702      4.10%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              315860      1.58%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        19935149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  823671     90.48%     90.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     90.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     90.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  1815      0.20%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     90.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  55940      6.14%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 26283      2.89%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1298      0.14%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             1343      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            218084      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              42312530     84.88%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               287657      0.58%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 74071      0.15%     86.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              188193      0.38%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4758680      9.55%     95.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             1900428      3.81%     99.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          106647      0.21%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           4050      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               49850340                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.476277                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      910350                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.018262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          120011180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          62621927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48700286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              621462                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             821333                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       260802                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               50232958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  309648                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           152125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1217717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          613                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       368610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1148                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 276487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2607674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 99140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            53262818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             10098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5280782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2095033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              39890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  35418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 45274                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         154301                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       178655                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               332956                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              49239666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4750416                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            610674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6630105                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6129408                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    1879689                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.445942                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       49070622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      48961088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  37656090                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  59340353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.432104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.634578                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        10181463                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           47214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            276283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     18446142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.335590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.806620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7733931     41.93%     41.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2541886     13.78%     55.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1018065      5.52%     61.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2323749     12.60%     73.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       868438      4.71%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       712265      3.86%     82.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549613      2.98%     85.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       384961      2.09%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2313234     12.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     18446142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             22378732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               43082617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5789488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       4063065                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       31420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5696559                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     133029                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  42769629                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                77085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       125259      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         36798418     85.41%     85.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          209505      0.49%     86.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            66980      0.16%     86.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          92967      0.22%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         4027311      9.35%     95.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1723557      4.00%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        35754      0.08%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2866      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          43082617                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2313234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     69396988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   108028054                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          196018                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    22378732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      43082617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.899567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.899567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.111646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.111646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 69187459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                40901139                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    398317                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   242470                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  32498626                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 20833048                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                19459990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            144888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1016.788506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5800717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            145912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             39.754900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1016.788506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.992958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          12772226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         12772226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4113361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4113361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1687355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1687355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5800716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5800716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5800716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5800716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       473370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        473370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        39071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        39071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       512441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         512441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       512441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        512441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11219726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11219726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1868090494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1868090494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13087816494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13087816494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13087816494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13087816494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4586731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4586731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1726426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1726426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6313157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6313157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6313157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6313157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.103204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23701.810423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23701.810423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47812.712600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47812.712600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25540.143146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25540.143146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25540.143146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25540.143146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24013                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.218703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    68.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       125096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            125096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       366401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       366401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       366528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       366528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       366528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       366528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       106969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       106969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       145913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       145913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       145913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       145913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2389866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2389866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1828386994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828386994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4218252994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4218252994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4218252994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4218252994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22341.669082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22341.669082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46949.131933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46949.131933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28909.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28909.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28909.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28909.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.045011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             4935850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1321.158994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   505.045011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.986416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           9884997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          9884997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      4935850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         4935850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       4935850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          4935850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      4935850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         4935850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316752998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316752998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316752998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    316752998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316752998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    316752998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4940630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4940630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      4940630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      4940630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      4940630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      4940630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66266.317573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66266.317573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66266.317573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66266.317573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66266.317573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66266.317573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                41                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.097561                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1043                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250987498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250987498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250987498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250987498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250987498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250987498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67162.830613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67162.830613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67162.830613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67162.830613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67162.830613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67162.830613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4012                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 23368.696996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     35929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.286649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.521177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1633.400903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      21731.774916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.049847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.663201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.713156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          544                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        30550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          639                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974030                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2417801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2417801                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       125096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           125096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3211                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3211                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              19641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 19641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          92955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             92955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                112596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   113759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               112596                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  113759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            19302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               19302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2570                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2570                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        14014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               33316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  35886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              33316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 35886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1561741500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1561741500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    233025000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    233025000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1248061500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1248061500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     233025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    2809803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3042828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    233025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2809803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3042828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       125096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       125096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3211                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3211                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          38943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             38943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       106969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        106969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              3733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            145912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               149645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             3733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           145912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              149645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.495647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.495647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.688454                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.688454                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.688454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.228329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.239808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.688454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.228329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.239808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80910.864159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80910.864159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90671.206226                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90671.206226                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89058.191808                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89058.191808                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90671.206226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84337.945732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84791.506437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90671.206226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84337.945732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84791.506437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        19302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2567                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2567                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          33316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             35883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         33316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            35883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1368721500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368721500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207119500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207119500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1107921500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107921500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2476643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2683762500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2476643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2683762500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.495647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.687651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.687651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.239787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.687651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.239787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70910.864159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70910.864159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80685.430464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80685.430464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79058.191808                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79058.191808                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80685.430464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74337.945732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74792.032439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80685.430464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74337.945732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74792.032439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3950                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         16581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        75716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        75716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  75716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2359680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2359680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2359680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             35883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   35883    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               35883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51832000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          190543750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       297763                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       148119                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           30                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             61                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           61                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10065583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            110706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       126084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            38943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           38943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       106969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       436714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                447409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       445312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17344512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17789824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4016                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     63488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           153662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 153565     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     97      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             153662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          277202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5612985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         218869997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
