
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11695233000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                11695233000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 208844                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   408116                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              116354999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 708964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   100.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20991605                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      41021135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          201536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         4063168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4264704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       201536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        201536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1789056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1789056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            63487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               66636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         27954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              27954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           17232320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          347420868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             364653188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      17232320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         17232320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       152973096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            152973096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       152973096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          17232320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         347420868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            517626284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       66636                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      27954                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     66636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    27954                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4245184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   19520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1787328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4264704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1789056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   11695214500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 66636                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                27954                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   49337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   15447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        18568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    324.766911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.825770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.380917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7920     42.65%     42.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3148     16.95%     59.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2073     11.16%     70.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          930      5.01%     75.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          622      3.35%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          389      2.10%     81.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          322      1.73%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          302      1.63%     84.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2862     15.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        18568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      39.548599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     26.857562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    127.621170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          1665     99.28%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      0.42%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.06%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      0.12%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.652952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.623332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.014224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1159     69.11%     69.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               29      1.73%     70.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              408     24.33%     95.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               74      4.41%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1341767500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2585473750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  331655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20228.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38978.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       362.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       152.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    364.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    152.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    51073                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   24603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     123641.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 58655100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 31145565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               222446700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               68324580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         832222560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            851902620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33753120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3242344680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       382332960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        428935380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6152168865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            526.040727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9739024750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34171250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     352448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1632829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    995796250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1569540750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7110447250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 74020380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 39319995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               251156640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               77454360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         839598240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            876042690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30938880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3360997020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       348155040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        367513500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6265228815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            535.707909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9693411500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25396250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     355466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1416181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    906522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1620720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7370947000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 8206972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           8206972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            404749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7120559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  228046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              42673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         7120559                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4411170                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2709389                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       196205                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4460815                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2236418                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         58811                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9043                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4914633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           764                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    77                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         23390467                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            5274836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       32447615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     8206972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4639216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      17461763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  810660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          3372                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           57                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          175                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   4914222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 98284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           23145948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.713124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.395050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 13016330     56.24%     56.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   452671      1.96%     58.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   430507      1.86%     60.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   710653      3.07%     63.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   887987      3.84%     66.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   458903      1.98%     68.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1454198      6.28%     75.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1097061      4.74%     79.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4637638     20.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             23145948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.350868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.387215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  4839833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               8769107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   8205478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                926200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 405330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               59923088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 405330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  5249340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4882553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          11203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   8629352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3968170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               58010928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 43985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 563432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  27770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                3186820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            71025872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             151490987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         84931194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1278445                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              50622417                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 20403455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3123528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              4891377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2582296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            208266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           102228                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   54291765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  50122351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            191471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        13272254                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19216941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      23145948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.165491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.406156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            10222608     44.17%     44.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1713542      7.40%     51.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2000692      8.64%     60.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2077655      8.98%     69.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2220219      9.59%     78.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1711535      7.39%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1981166      8.56%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              899335      3.89%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              319196      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        23145948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1065835     95.18%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  8658      0.77%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  30545      2.73%     98.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 11336      1.01%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1826      0.16%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             1581      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            305241      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              41989233     83.77%     84.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               105693      0.21%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                351494      0.70%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              424740      0.85%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4340520      8.66%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2238985      4.47%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          288081      0.57%     99.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          78364      0.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               50122351                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.142854                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1119781                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.022341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          123104107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          66283283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48055381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1597795                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1282759                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       739182                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               50132591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  804300                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           326758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1324112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1419                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       665509                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          705                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1754                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 405330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3379041                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                430595                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            54293390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             25529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               4891377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2582296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  17568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                400812                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         157798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       381999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               539797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              49140092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4451230                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            982259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6687536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6133442                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2236306                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.100860                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       48965446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      48794563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  36888862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  61117733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.086088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.603571                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        13272955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             227                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            405007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21264363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.929102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.658892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10759244     50.60%     50.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2397493     11.27%     61.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1406693      6.62%     68.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2144454     10.08%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       944905      4.44%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       791320      3.72%     86.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       282546      1.33%     88.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       356266      1.68%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2181442     10.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21264363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             20991605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               41021135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5484052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3567265                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5391644                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     578189                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  40541762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               166208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       163069      0.40%      0.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         34632228     84.43%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.20%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           325778      0.79%     85.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         335675      0.82%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3381007      8.24%     94.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1860979      4.54%     99.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       186258      0.45%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55808      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          41021135                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2181442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     73377011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   110481085                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            3325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          244519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    20991605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      41021135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.114277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.114277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.897443                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.897443                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 69173968                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                40496630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    923889                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   381851                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  33261426                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 18809820                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                19391994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             99749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.355353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5574757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            100261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             55.602448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.355353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          12083643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         12083643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3686865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3686865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1887886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1887886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5574751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5574751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5574751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5574751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       388034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        388034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       416940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         416940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       416940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        416940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22036372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22036372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2525250495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2525250495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  24561622995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24561622995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  24561622995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24561622995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4074899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4074899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1916792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1916792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5991691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5991691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5991691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5991691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.095225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56789.798059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56789.798059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87360.772677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87360.772677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58909.250720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58909.250720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58909.250720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58909.250720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        34676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         6121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.695906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   340.055556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             57959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       316664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       316664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       316674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       316674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       316674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       316674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        71370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3734811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2495935495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495935495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6230746495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6230746495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6230746495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6230746495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015075                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015075                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52330.264817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52330.264817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86376.505226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86376.505226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62142.166786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62142.166786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62142.166786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62142.166786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.475434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             4905697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            679.365323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.475434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.989210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           9835666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          9835666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      4905697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         4905697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       4905697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          4905697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      4905697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         4905697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    424819495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    424819495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    424819495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    424819495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    424819495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    424819495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4914220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4914220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      4914220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      4914220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      4914220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      4914220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49843.892409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49843.892409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49843.892409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49843.892409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49843.892409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49843.892409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.422222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              6710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    344962498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344962498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    344962498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344962498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    344962498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344962498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47739.066980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47739.066980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47739.066980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47739.066980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47739.066980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47739.066980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     64169                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4047.685750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      145623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     68265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.133201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       78.432192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        129.212757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3840.040801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.019148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.031546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.937510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3490889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3490889                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            57959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             6701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               2219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            4065                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               4065                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          34555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  4065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 36774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 4065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                36774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            26672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               26672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3155                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3155                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        36815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           36815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               63487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  66642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              63487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 66642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2428962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2428962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    291250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    291250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3263836000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3263836000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     291250500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    5692798500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5984049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    291250500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   5692798500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5984049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7220                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7220                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        71370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         71370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              7220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               107481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             7220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              107481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.923194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.923194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.436981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.436981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.515833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.515833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.436981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.633217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.620035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.436981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.633217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.620035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91067.880174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91067.880174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92313.946117                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92313.946117                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88655.059079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88655.059079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92313.946117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89668.727456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89793.958765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92313.946117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89668.727456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89793.958765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                27954                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     27954                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          26672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3149                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3149                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        36815                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        36815                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          63487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             66636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         63487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            66636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2162242500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162242500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259268000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259268000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2895686000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2895686000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5057928500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5317196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5057928500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5317196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.923194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.436150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.515833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.436150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.619979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.436150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.619979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81067.880174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81067.880174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82333.439187                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82333.439187                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78655.059079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78655.059079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82333.439187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79668.727456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79794.653040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82333.439187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79668.727456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79794.653040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        129068                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        62438                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            34476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             26672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            26672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         39964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       195704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       195704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 195704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6053760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      6053760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6053760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             66638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   66638    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               66638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           253274500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          353030500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       213951                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       106463                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           58                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1774                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1774                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11695233000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             78596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        85913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           78005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        71370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       300281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                321437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10126080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               11017600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           64175                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1789440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           171661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.010695                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.102865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 169825     98.93%     98.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1836      1.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             171661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          171644500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          10846485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         150394998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
