
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011369                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11369185000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                11369185000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 204033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398714                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              110505352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 708964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   102.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20991605                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      41021135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          201344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         3472896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3674240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       201344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        201344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1762944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1762944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            54264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               57410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         27546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              27546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           17709625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          305465695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             323175320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      17709625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         17709625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       155063358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            155063358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       155063358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          17709625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         305465695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            478238678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       57410                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      27546                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     57410                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    27546                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3649920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1761856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3674240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1762944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   11369166500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 57410                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                27546                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   45019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   10577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    260.823609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.685895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   300.480982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9729     46.91%     46.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4052     19.54%     66.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2348     11.32%     77.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1049      5.06%     82.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          629      3.03%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          438      2.11%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          387      1.87%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          327      1.58%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1779      8.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.944240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    102.011817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          1570     96.20%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           54      3.31%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      0.37%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.868260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.832456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.116367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              974     59.68%     59.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               40      2.45%     62.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              497     30.45%     92.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              104      6.37%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               14      0.86%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1230313000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2299625500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  285150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21573.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40323.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       321.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       154.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    323.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    155.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    41087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22719                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     133824.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 62467860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 33172095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               190109640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               66601980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            901277160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29215680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3074733330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       455502240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        373332120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6015672915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            529.120857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9316521250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     351196000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1387337750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1186176750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1670571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6743053750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 85708560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45528615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               217084560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               77099400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         849432480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            940922940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             36781440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3220876770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       426012960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        282071400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6181612335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            543.716400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9209404250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     359698000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1037030750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1109236750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1764684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7063136750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 8206449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           8206449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            404985                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7189909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  228987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              43216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         7189909                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4390487                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2799422                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       199149                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4436183                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2240074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         59890                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9347                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4893093                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    77                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         22738371                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            5242498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       32475558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     8206449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4619474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      16836837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  811326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2909                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           21                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          210                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   4892634                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                103258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           22488513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.793691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.415330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 12374963     55.03%     55.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   448783      2.00%     57.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   422025      1.88%     58.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   705463      3.14%     62.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   876385      3.90%     65.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   456149      2.03%     67.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1464982      6.51%     74.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1077536      4.79%     79.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4662227     20.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             22488513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.360908                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.428227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  4826508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               8127835                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   8209935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                918572                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 405663                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               59995022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 405663                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  5243192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4216309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          11640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   8619991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3991718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               58016766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 39673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 541662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                  27060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                3230596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               43                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            70954874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             151242613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         84894763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1275901                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              50622417                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 20332457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   3094202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              4880181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2583444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            199252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            91670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   54233343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  50006054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            208066                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        13213955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19296009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1521                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      22488513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.223627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.412785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             9611680     42.74%     42.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1695697      7.54%     50.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1993603      8.86%     59.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             2061912      9.17%     68.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2223889      9.89%     78.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1699894      7.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1986290      8.83%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              899735      4.00%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              315813      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        22488513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1069273     94.99%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  8685      0.77%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  32455      2.88%     98.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 11519      1.02%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              2213      0.20%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             1501      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            314442      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              41884553     83.76%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               105485      0.21%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                351692      0.70%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              421218      0.84%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4319216      8.64%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2243118      4.49%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          287793      0.58%     99.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          78537      0.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               50006054                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.199192                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1125646                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.022510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          122243540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          66175274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47947779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1590793                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1274163                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       734262                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               50016264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  800994                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           327675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312916                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1396                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          431                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       666657                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          607                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1968                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 405663                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3145559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                424181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            54235091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             28418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               4880181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2583444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  17128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                396043                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            431                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         159961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       388803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               548764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              49021786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4426729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            984268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6666703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  6119749                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2239974                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.155906                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       48852574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      48682041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  36766080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  60860887                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.140964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.604100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        13214604                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             227                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            405334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20611684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.990188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.672959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10085411     48.93%     48.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409713     11.69%     60.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1394657      6.77%     67.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2157429     10.47%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       957931      4.65%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       798718      3.88%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       287430      1.39%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       363233      1.76%     89.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2157162     10.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20611684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             20991605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               41021135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5484052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3567265                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5391644                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     578189                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  40541762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               166208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       163069      0.40%      0.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         34632228     84.43%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           80333      0.20%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           325778      0.79%     85.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         335675      0.82%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3381007      8.24%     94.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1860979      4.54%     99.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       186258      0.45%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        55808      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          41021135                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2157162                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     72690261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   110359009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            3170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          249858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    20991605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      41021135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.083213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.083213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.923180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.923180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 68942726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                40389451                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    918774                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   380413                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  33090754                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 18719490                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                19351950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             99732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.308187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5570972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            100244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             55.574119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.308187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          12030070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         12030070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3683075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3683075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1887891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1887891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5570966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5570966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5570966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5570966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       365046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        365046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        28901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       393947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         393947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       393947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        393947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14660604500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14660604500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2543233496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2543233496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  17203837996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17203837996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  17203837996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17203837996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4048121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4048121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1916792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1916792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5964913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5964913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5964913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5964913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40160.978342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40160.978342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87998.114114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87998.114114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43670.437891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43670.437891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43670.437891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43670.437891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36608                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               726                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.424242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   291.961538                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             67048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       293690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       293690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       293699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       293699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       293699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       293699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        71356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3051817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3051817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2514004496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2514004496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5565821496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5565821496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5565821496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5565821496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42768.891193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42768.891193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87013.861830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87013.861830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55520.524060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55520.524060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55520.524060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55520.524060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.768429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             4884446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            707.583080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   505.768429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.987829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           9792174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          9792174                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      4884446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         4884446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       4884446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          4884446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      4884446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         4884446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427833996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    427833996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427833996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    427833996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427833996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    427833996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4892633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4892633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      4892633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      4892633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      4892633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      4892633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52257.725174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52257.725174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52257.725174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52257.725174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52257.725174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52257.725174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2743                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              6393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    345239996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    345239996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    345239996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49976.837869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49976.837869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49976.837869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49976.837869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49976.837869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49976.837869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     56203                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4046.275388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      152524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     60299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.529462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      170.241271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        149.374448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3726.659669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.041563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.036468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.909829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3472267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3472267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        67048                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            67048                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             6386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               2211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          43769                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             43769                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  3751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 45980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 3751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                45980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            26677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               26677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3151                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3151                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           27587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               54264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  57415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              54264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 57415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2447057500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2447057500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    295318000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    295318000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2483913000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2483913000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     295318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    4930970500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5226288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    295318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4930970500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5226288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        67048                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        67048                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          28888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6902                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6902                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        71356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         71356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               107146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              107146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.923463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.923463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.456534                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.456534                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.386611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.386611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.456534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.541319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.535858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.456534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.541319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.535858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        15250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91729.111219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91729.111219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93721.993018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93721.993018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90039.257621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90039.257621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93721.993018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90870.015111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91026.534878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93721.993018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90870.015111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91026.534878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                27546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     27546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          419                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           419                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26677                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          26677                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3146                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3146                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27587                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27587                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          54264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             57410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         54264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            57410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2180287500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2180287500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263461500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263461500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2208043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2208043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4388330500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4651792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4388330500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4651792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.923463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.455810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.386611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.455810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.535811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.455810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.535811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81729.111219                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81729.111219                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83744.914177                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83744.914177                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80039.257621                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80039.257621                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83744.914177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80870.015111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81027.556175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83744.914177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80870.015111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81027.556175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        110622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        53216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            25664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             26677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            26677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       168032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       168032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 168032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5437184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5437184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5437184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             57412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   57412    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               57412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           230864000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          304941750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       213281                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       106131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           50                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3419                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3418                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11369185000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             78264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        94594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           61341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        71356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       300228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                320431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       850880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10706688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               11557568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           56209                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1763328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           163359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.021278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.144353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 159884     97.87%     97.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3474      2.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             163359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          180081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          10368487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         150368998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
