
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012352                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12352369000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                12352369000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 222545                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   430836                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              130753810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 706956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    21023913                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40701246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          181376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         6446592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6627968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       181376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        181376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2943488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2943488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           100728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              103562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         45992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              45992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           14683499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          521891145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             536574644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14683499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14683499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       238293399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            238293399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       238293399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          14683499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         521891145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            774868044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      103562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      45992                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    103562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    45992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                6606016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   21952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2941760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 6627968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2943488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    343                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              6989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              6788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              6692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             6188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   12352271000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                103562                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                45992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   77392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   22808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        37111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    257.252028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.423744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   313.454730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18153     48.92%     48.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8385     22.59%     71.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2420      6.52%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1586      4.27%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1050      2.83%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          571      1.54%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          649      1.75%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          585      1.58%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3712     10.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        37111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.900608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.551521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    101.455915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          2731     97.64%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           46      1.64%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           12      0.43%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.11%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.433679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.411652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.877094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2210     79.01%     79.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               46      1.64%     80.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              467     16.70%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               67      2.40%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.21%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2067584000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4002940250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  516095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20031.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38781.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       534.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       238.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    536.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    238.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    73849                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   38215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82594.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                127806000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 67900140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               356878620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              115951860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         931794240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1158173880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             43496160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3668048040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       287274240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        245332500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7002782520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            566.918177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9698657000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     394496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    906881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    748074000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2233235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8043750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                137230800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 72936105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               380105040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              123985440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         933023520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1233562080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47440800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3519495780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       305138400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        279045240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7031992425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            569.282898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9522983000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37795250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     395118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1010753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    794555000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2396255500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7717891750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 7462717                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           7462717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            235691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6580479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   76660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               3493                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6580479                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4563855                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2016624                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41194                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4407855                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1775712                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         11184                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3123129                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           764                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    75                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         24704739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3280205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       29633640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     7462717                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4640515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      20957429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  472416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2685                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          170                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   3122699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 38719                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           24477132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.312968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.228861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 15108259     61.72%     61.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   296740      1.21%     62.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   426069      1.74%     64.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1131882      4.62%     69.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   748614      3.06%     72.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   313337      1.28%     73.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1411997      5.77%     79.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1284697      5.25%     84.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3755537     15.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             24477132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.302076                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.199512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  3101622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              13027966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7262146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                849190                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 236208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               53758066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 236208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  3489990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 8152399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           8909                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   7565191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               5024435                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               52583341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                130111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 901898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 560285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                3331656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               44                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            66011824                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             133947988                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         75438708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            211484                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              51020977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 14990847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   4030887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              4925514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             1980350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            403758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           129643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   50589995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              126194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  47234179                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            180053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        10014942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14239506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          78989                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      24477132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.929727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.504620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            12947673     52.90%     52.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1663848      6.80%     59.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1699356      6.94%     66.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1512145      6.18%     72.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1498553      6.12%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1474612      6.02%     84.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1949304      7.96%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1281040      5.23%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              450601      1.84%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        24477132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1616832     96.32%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   465      0.03%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  35569      2.12%     98.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23945      1.43%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               829      0.05%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              897      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            157730      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              40364704     85.46%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               298415      0.63%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 42084      0.09%     86.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               53753      0.11%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4489865      9.51%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             1795205      3.80%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           28984      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           3439      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               47234179                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.911948                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1678537                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.035536                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          120626471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          60552850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     46410855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              177609                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             178511                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        78624                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               48665579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   89407                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           209341                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1111340                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          320                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          244                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       335763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          6038                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 236208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5857772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                280634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            50716189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              6286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               4925514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              1980350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              42549                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  55778                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                200125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            244                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         160572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               301929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              46718659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4407307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            515520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6182987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  5957822                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    1775680                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.891081                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       46573527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      46489479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  35689589                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  57365016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.881804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.622149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        10016955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           47205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            236011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23049261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.765837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.806327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     14264171     61.89%     61.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1611391      6.99%     68.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       593711      2.58%     71.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1885592      8.18%     79.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       616359      2.67%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       527048      2.29%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       540832      2.35%     86.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       181267      0.79%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2828890     12.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23049261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             21023913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               40701246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5458761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3814174                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       31420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5513900                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      55397                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  40460109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                66745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       102323      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         34855590     85.64%     85.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          209509      0.51%     86.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            38728      0.10%     86.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          36335      0.09%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3798394      9.33%     95.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1641737      4.03%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        15780      0.04%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2850      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          40701246                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2828890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     70938572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   102870836                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1942                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          227607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    21023913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      40701246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.175078                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.175078                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.851007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.851007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 65146881                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                38830316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    121569                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    68583                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  31047707                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 19512136                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                18778913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            156542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.429284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5191815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            157054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             33.057515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.429284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          11822386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         11822386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3587303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3587303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1604509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1604509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5191812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5191812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5191812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5191812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       600770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        600770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        40084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       640854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         640854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       640854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        640854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38826778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38826778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3211397492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3211397492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  42038175492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42038175492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  42038175492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42038175492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4188073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4188073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1644593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1644593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5832666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5832666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5832666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5832666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.143448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64628.356942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64628.356942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80116.692246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80116.692246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65597.118052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65597.118052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65597.118052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65597.118052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        57427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14896                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2301                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.957410                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    99.306667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             88207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       483591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       483591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       483797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       483797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       483797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       483797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       117179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       117179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        39878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6705147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6705147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3164247492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3164247492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9869394492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9869394492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9869394492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9869394492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57221.404859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57221.404859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79348.199308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79348.199308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62839.570933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62839.570933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62839.570933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62839.570933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.698663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3117937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            836.580896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   505.698663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.987693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           6249124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          6249124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      3117937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3117937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       3117937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3117937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      3117937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3117937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    336830997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336830997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    336830997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    336830997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    336830997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    336830997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3122697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3122697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      3122697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3122697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      3122697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3122697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70762.814496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70762.814496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70762.814496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70762.814496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70762.814496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70762.814496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272631498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272631498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272631498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    272631498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272631498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    272631498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73091.554424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73091.554424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73091.554424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73091.554424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73091.554424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73091.554424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    102487                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4050.291602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      213515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    106583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.003274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       86.756113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         91.788985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3871.746504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.021181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.945251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5234647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5234647                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        88207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            88207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               5617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                887                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          50709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             50709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 56326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                56326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            34258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               34258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2838                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2838                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        66470                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           66470                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              100728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 103566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             100728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                103566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3043810500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3043810500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    257603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    257603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5991818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5991818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     257603500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    9035628500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9293232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    257603500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9035628500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9293232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        88207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        88207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          39875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             39875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3725                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3725                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       117179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        117179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              3725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            157054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               160779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             3725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           157054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              160779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.859135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.859135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.761879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.761879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.761879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.641359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.644151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.761879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.641359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.644151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88849.626365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88849.626365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90769.379845                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90769.379845                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90143.192418                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90143.192418                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90769.379845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89703.245374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89732.460460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90769.379845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89703.245374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89732.460460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                45992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     45992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          402                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           402                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        34258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          34258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2834                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2834                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66470                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        66470                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         100728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            103562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        100728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           103562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2701230500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701230500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228762000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228762000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5327118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5327118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8028348500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8257110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8028348500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8257110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.859135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.760805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.567252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.760805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.644126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.760805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.644126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78849.626365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78849.626365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80720.536344                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80720.536344                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80143.192418                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80143.192418                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80720.536344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79703.245374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79731.083795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80720.536344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79703.245374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79731.083795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        202905                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        99348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              69304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        45992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            53350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             34258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            34258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         69304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       306467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       306467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 306467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9571456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9571456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9571456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            103563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  103563    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              103563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           406859000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          554343750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       320544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       159762                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           83                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3565                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3561                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12352369000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            120909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       134199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          124830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       117179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                481326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15696704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16140864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          102492                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2943808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           263274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.013890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.117166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 259621     98.61%     98.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3649      1.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             263274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          251694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5597994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235582999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
