
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012193                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12192875000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                12192875000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 222281                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   430326                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              128912710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 705928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    21023913                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40701246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          183488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         6283456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6466944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       183488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        183488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2880192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2880192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            98179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              101046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         45003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              45003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           15048789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          515338343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             530387132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      15048789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         15048789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       236219267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            236219267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       236219267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          15048789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         515338343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            766606399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      101046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      45003                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    101046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    45003                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                6447744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   19200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2878720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 6466944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2880192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              6828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              6593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              6550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   12192856500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                101046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                45003                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   75636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   22140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        38651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    241.266306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   142.989775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.182843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18065     46.74%     46.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9972     25.80%     72.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2895      7.49%     80.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1706      4.41%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1153      2.98%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          623      1.61%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          692      1.79%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          508      1.31%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3037      7.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        38651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      37.076555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.123914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     55.890034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          2656     97.75%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           54      1.99%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      0.18%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.555024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.529753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.935517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1973     72.62%     72.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               61      2.25%     74.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              609     22.41%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               68      2.50%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.18%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1942731750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3831719250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  503730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19283.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38033.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       528.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       236.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    530.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    236.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    72499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   34564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83484.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                131561640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 69896310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               347489520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              113529780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         962526240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1381786020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36475680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3631869570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       311424000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         92728440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7079287680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            580.608567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9067353750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     407412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    292024000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    810882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2694305000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7964495000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                144492180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 76784235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               371836920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              121265820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1483026000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             36909600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3484787340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       318843840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        113604060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7109849715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            583.115116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           8844155500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     405604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    371935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    830219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2912136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7642383250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 7489881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           7489881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            240062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6595872                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   76502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               3436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6595872                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4571016                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2024856                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        46103                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4414902                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1776915                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         11188                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1007                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3140164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    75                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         24385751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3298641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       29742067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     7489881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4647518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      20612949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  480912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2087                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           53                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          181                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   3139848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 40484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           24155692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.351840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.242075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 14756196     61.09%     61.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   297011      1.23%     62.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   426668      1.77%     64.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1133869      4.69%     68.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   754563      3.12%     71.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   315548      1.31%     73.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1413750      5.85%     79.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1284822      5.32%     84.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3773265     15.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             24155692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.307142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.219649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  3116875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              12658892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7289960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                849509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 240456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               53933074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 240456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  3507861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 7823122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   7589747                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               4984572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               52739238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                126179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 900939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 582702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                3275592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              153                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            66201146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             134360034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         75652028                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            212635                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              51020977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 15180169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   4031643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              4936241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             1985820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            405826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           131466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   50703510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              128441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  47311209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            181788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        10130704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14417746                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          81236                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      24155692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.958595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.512141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            12611494     52.21%     52.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1660006      6.87%     59.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1702813      7.05%     66.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1517004      6.28%     72.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1498239      6.20%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1481729      6.13%     84.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1949748      8.07%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1282796      5.31%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              451863      1.87%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        24155692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1615232     96.35%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   444      0.03%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  35104      2.09%     98.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23945      1.43%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               826      0.05%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              934      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            158461      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              40431198     85.46%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               299307      0.63%     86.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 42256      0.09%     86.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               53644      0.11%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4497122      9.51%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             1796545      3.80%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           29192      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           3484      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               47311209                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.940117                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1676485                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.035435                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          120458484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          60782122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     46476375                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              177899                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             180749                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        78900                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               48739672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   89561                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           209836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1122067                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          310                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          229                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       341233                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          5830                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 240456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5699983                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                272059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            50831951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              7361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               4936241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              1985820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              43327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  54762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                192730                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            229                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         160675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       145572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               306247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              46787391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4414338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            523818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6191215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  5964268                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    1776877                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.918636                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       46639752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      46555275                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  35747282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  57433444                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.909118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.622412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        10132815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           47205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            240270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22710505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.792177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.817950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     13918615     61.29%     61.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1614708      7.11%     68.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       597621      2.63%     71.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1884291      8.30%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       619729      2.73%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526949      2.32%     84.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       540414      2.38%     86.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       183146      0.81%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2825032     12.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22710505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             21023913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               40701246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5458761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3814174                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       31420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5513900                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      55397                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  40460109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                66745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       102323      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         34855590     85.64%     85.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          209509      0.51%     86.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            38728      0.10%     86.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          36335      0.09%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3798394      9.33%     95.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1641737      4.03%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        15780      0.04%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2850      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          40701246                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2825032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     70719534                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   103119918                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          230059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    21023913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      40701246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.159905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.159905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.862139                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.862139                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 65214316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                38890109                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    122268                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    68810                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  31076617                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 19532569                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                18808949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            156610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.408737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5201398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            157122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             33.104199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.408737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          11835948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         11835948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3596948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3596948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1604443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1604443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5201391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5201391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5201391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5201391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       597872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        597872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        40150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       638022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         638022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       638022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        638022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36632722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36632722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3145311490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3145311490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39778033990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39778033990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39778033990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39778033990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4194820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4194820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1644593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1644593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5839413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5839413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5839413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5839413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61271.848322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61271.848322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78339.015940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78339.015940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62345.865801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62345.865801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62345.865801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62345.865801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        54856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14641                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2398                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.875730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   105.330935                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        90292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             90292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       480676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       480893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       480893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       117196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       117196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        39933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6495569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6495569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3099035490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099035490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9594604490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9594604490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9594604490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9594604490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55424.835319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55424.835319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77605.877094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77605.877094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61061.958582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61061.958582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61061.958582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61061.958582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.745766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3135035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            835.563699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   505.745766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.987785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           6283447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          6283447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      3135035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3135035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       3135035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3135035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      3135035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3135035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    341070499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    341070499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    341070499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    341070499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    341070499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    341070499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3139844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      3139844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3139844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      3139844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3139844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.372635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70923.372635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.372635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70923.372635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.372635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70923.372635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.323529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274851499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274851499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274851499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274851499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274851499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274851499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73118.249268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73118.249268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73118.249268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73118.249268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73118.249268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73118.249268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     99171                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4025.783150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      217148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    103267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.102782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.562532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         85.275096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3885.945522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.013321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.020819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.948717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5234563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5234563                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        90292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            90292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3230                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3230                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               5955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             882                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                882                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          52988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             52988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 58943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  882                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                58943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            33972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               33972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        64207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           64207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               98179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 101048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              98179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                101048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2974849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2974849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259824000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    259824000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5758253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5758253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     259824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    8733102500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8992926500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8733102500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8992926500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        90292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        90292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3230                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3230                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          39927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             39927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       117195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        117195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            157122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               160873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           157122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              160873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.850853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.850853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.764863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.764863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.547865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.764863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.624858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.628123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.764863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.624858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.628123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87567.673378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87567.673378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90562.565354                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90562.565354                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89682.643637                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89682.643637                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90562.565354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88950.819422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88996.580833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90562.565354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88950.819422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88996.580833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                45003                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     45003                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          289                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           289                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        33972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          33972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        64207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        64207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          98179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            101046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         98179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           101046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2635129000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2635129000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230967500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230967500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5116183500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5116183500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7751312500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7751312500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.850853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.850853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.764330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.764330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.624858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.628110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.764330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.624858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.628110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77567.673378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77567.673378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80560.690617                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80560.690617                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79682.643637                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79682.643637                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80560.690617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78950.819422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78996.496645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80560.690617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78950.819422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78996.496645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        197869                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        96825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              67074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        45003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             33972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            33972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         67074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       298915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       298915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 298915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9347136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9347136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9347136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            101047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  101047    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              101047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           397456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          540750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       320738                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       159857                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2668                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2664                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12192875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            120954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       135295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          120486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       117195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                481618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       447424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15834496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16281920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           99179                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2880704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           260059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.010724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.103152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 257274     98.93%     98.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2781      1.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             260059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          253901000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5640496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235686999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
