
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012248                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12247658000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                12247658000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 223582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   432843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              130249567                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 706952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    21023889                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40701205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          179200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         6376704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6555904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       179200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        179200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2826304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2826304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            99636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              102436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         44161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              44161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           14631369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          520646804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             535278173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14631369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         14631369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       230762812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            230762812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       230762812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          14631369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         520646804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            766040985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      102436                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      44161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    102436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    44161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                6531840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   24064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2824640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 6555904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2826304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              6943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              6605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              6657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             6108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   12247560500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                102436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                44161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   76448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   22583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        34978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    267.466865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.657280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   322.072123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16842     48.15%     48.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7755     22.17%     70.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2234      6.39%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1561      4.46%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1054      3.01%     84.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          477      1.36%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          669      1.91%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          568      1.62%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3818     10.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        34978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      37.948680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.043870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    116.595960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          2669     99.26%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           17      0.63%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.413165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.391974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.861281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2146     79.81%     79.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               47      1.75%     81.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              441     16.40%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               46      1.71%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.19%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2020562500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3934187500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  510300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19797.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38547.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       533.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       230.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    535.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    230.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    73687                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   37523                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83545.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                120794520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 64184835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               352758840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              111812400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         925647840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1138877670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             43452000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3626822220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       296172960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        248730360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6929369655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            565.770995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9636704750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27106500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     391890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    911863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    771273750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2191909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7953615000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                128998380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 68556675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               375949560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              118572300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         922574640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1208724900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45364800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3481144470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       323750400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        274075440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6947766435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            567.273060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9478595250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30590250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     390680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1001505000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    843075750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2347580250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7634226750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 7456894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           7456894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            235509                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6597085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   76423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               3679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6597085                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4552924                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2044161                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41803                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4408248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1775924                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12016                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1037                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3126552                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           722                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    75                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         24495317                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3285213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       29612645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     7456894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4629347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      20748128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  471936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2605                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          123                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   3126164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 39222                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           24272355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.331086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.235406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 14912615     61.44%     61.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   294022      1.21%     62.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   427146      1.76%     64.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1129358      4.65%     69.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   746238      3.07%     72.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   311794      1.28%     73.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1414760      5.83%     79.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1279290      5.27%     84.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3757132     15.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             24272355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.304421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.208910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  3102985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              12824842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   7263454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                845106                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 235968                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               53735718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 235968                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  3490459                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 7934798                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          11490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   7564709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               5034931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               52565423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                126922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 919757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 592856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                3313959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            65978146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             133886485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         75395516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            227134                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              51020925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 14957221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   4013865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              4923120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             1979346                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            400434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           130682                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   50571052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              129577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  47225452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            178796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         9999423                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14211661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          82372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      24272355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.945648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.508795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            12745931     52.51%     52.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1662723      6.85%     59.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1698577      7.00%     66.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1511496      6.23%     72.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1498176      6.17%     78.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1477730      6.09%     84.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             1943744      8.01%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1284555      5.29%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              449423      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        24272355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1616658     96.29%     96.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   450      0.03%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  36342      2.16%     98.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 23737      1.41%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               801      0.05%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              935      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            158986      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              40354201     85.45%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               298363      0.63%     86.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 42412      0.09%     86.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               54739      0.12%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4488133      9.50%     96.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             1794616      3.80%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           30507      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           3495      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               47225452                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.927938                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1678923                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.035551                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          120398244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          60504433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     46401195                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              182734                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             195845                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        80026                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               48653449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   91940                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           206159                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1108951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          272                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       334763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          5369                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 235968                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5694221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                280753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            50700629                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              6938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               4923120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              1979346                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              43726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  55234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                201242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            234                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         159232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               300774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              46709988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4407538                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            515464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6183425                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  5955103                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    1775887                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.906895                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       46566046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      46481221                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  35685655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  57352002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.897555                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.622222                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        10001431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           47205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            235774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22846976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.781470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.813398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     14061320     61.55%     61.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1608506      7.04%     68.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       595783      2.61%     71.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1887262      8.26%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       616320      2.70%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       528744      2.31%     84.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       540482      2.37%     86.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       181017      0.79%     87.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2827542     12.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22846976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             21023889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               40701205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5458752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       3814169                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       31420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5513895                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      55397                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  40460068                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                66745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       102323      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         34855558     85.64%     85.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          209509      0.51%     86.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            38728      0.10%     86.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          36335      0.09%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         3798389      9.33%     95.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1641733      4.03%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        15780      0.04%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2850      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          40701205                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2827542                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     70722070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   102837154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1948                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          222962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    21023889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      40701205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.165118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.165118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.858282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.858282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 65137744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                38823193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    123967                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    70156                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  31034893                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 19504927                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                18774223                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            156697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.415855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5197135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            157209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             33.058763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.415855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          11829417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         11829417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3592606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3592606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1604526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1604526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5197132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5197132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5197132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5197132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       598909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        598909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        40063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       638972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         638972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       638972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        638972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38457427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38457427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3193561492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3193561492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  41650988492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41650988492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  41650988492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41650988492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4191515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4191515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1644589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1644589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5836104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5836104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5836104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5836104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64212.471344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64212.471344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79713.488556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79713.488556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65184.371916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65184.371916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65184.371916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65184.371916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        54434                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10781                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2395                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.728184                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    81.060150                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        89860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             89860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       481564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       481564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       481760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       481760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       481760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       481760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       117345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       117345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        39867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       157212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6609254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6609254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3148129992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148129992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9757383992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9757383992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9757383992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9757383992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024241                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024241                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56323.268993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56323.268993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78965.811122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78965.811122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62065.134926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62065.134926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62065.134926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62065.134926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.007411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3121394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            840.213728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.007411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.988296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           6256046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          6256046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      3121394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3121394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       3121394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3121394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      3121394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3121394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    338667997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338667997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    338667997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    338667997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    338667997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    338667997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3126164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3126164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      3126164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3126164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      3126164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3126164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70999.580084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70999.580084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70999.580084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70999.580084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70999.580084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70999.580084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.026316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    270944498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270944498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    270944498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270944498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    270944498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270944498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72873.721893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72873.721893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72873.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72873.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72873.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72873.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     99565                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4049.908391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      217109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    103661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.094414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       30.367153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         86.243749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3933.297489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.007414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.021056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.960278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5236253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5236253                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        89860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            89860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3191                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3191                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               5715                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5715                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          51856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 57571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                57571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            34149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               34149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2804                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2804                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        65489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           65489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 102442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                102442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3026551500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3026551500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    255702500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    255702500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5883590500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5883590500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     255702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    8910142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9165844500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    255702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   8910142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9165844500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        89860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        89860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3191                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3191                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          39864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             39864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       117345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        117345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              3713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            157209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               160922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             3713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           157209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              160922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.856638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.856638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.755184                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.755184                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.558089                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.558089                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.755184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.633793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.636594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.755184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.633793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.636594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88627.822191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88627.822191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91192.047076                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91192.047076                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89840.896945                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89840.896945                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91192.047076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89425.139003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89473.502079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91192.047076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89425.139003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89473.502079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                44161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     44161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        34149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          34149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2800                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65487                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        65487                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          99636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            102436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         99636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           102436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2685061500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2685061500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227345000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227345000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5228530000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5228530000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7913591500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8140936500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7913591500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8140936500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.856638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.754107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.558072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.754107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.636557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.754107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.633781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.636557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78627.822191                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78627.822191                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81194.642857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81194.642857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79840.731748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79840.731748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79425.022080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79473.393143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79425.022080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79473.393143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        200671                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        98240                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              68287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            54073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             34149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            34149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         68287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       303107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       303107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 303107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9382208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9382208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9382208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            102437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  102437    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              102437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           397014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          548014250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       320830                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       159907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1353                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1353                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12247658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            121063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       134021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          122241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       117345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       471121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                481755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       442624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15812416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16255040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           99570                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2826624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           260495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.074170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 259054     99.45%     99.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1441      0.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             260495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          253478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5580992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235816996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
