
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3833969000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 3833969000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 376600                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111825201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 667724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    34.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    12911868                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      16993040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           80832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             244544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        80832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         80832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         9280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            9280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             2558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           21083113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           42700397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              63783510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21083113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         21083113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2420468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2420468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2420468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          21083113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          42700397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             66203978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3821                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        145                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3821                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 243648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    7488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  244544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 9280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    3833950500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3821                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  145                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    390.530612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   236.775984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.686168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          178     27.94%     27.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          141     22.14%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           67     10.52%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      6.28%     66.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      6.59%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      4.87%     78.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      1.88%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.88%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          114     17.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean            538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    227.391432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1010.964061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             2     28.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     57.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.714286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.691535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.951190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                4     57.14%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1     14.29%     71.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2     28.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     52578250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               123959500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13810.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32560.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        63.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     63.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      17.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     3177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      97                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                66.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     966704.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2634660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1377585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14765520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 177480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         28273440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             28941180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              1059840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        98550150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        19766400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        842244660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1037790915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.683178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           3767654750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1301500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      11984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3500149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     51471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      52909500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    216153000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2006340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1039830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                12416460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 433260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23970960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             25767990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1715040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        96173820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         7924800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        851052480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             1022500980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            266.695161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           3772889000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3092000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      10158000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3541450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     20641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      47782250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    210845500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  975851                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            975851                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             37890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               954702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    7386                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          954702                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             901947                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            52755                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5097                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1919737                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      519913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1876                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1712623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    75                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          7667939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            1757832                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       14351006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      975851                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             909333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       5771208                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   76382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           821                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   1712528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 12485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            7568371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.509586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.265245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  4200268     55.50%     55.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   351287      4.64%     60.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   266179      3.52%     63.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   215937      2.85%     66.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   252218      3.33%     69.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   281636      3.72%     73.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   147694      1.95%     75.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   666410      8.81%     84.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  1186742     15.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              7568371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.127264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.871560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   965511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               4108468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    955116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1501085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  38191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               18029182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  38191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  1489685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  227714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           4558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   1921959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               3886264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               17814383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  2438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                2366801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1278123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  31558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            30982834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              47854721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         34589393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             17886                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              29797553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  1185281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   7227751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              1934579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              535566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            623933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           346724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   17573319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  17302816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              2565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          580509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1035546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       7568371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.286201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.466957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              704714      9.31%      9.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1456196     19.24%     28.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2587718     34.19%     62.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1561560     20.63%     83.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              743534      9.82%     93.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              223916      2.96%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              189120      2.50%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               54836      0.72%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               46777      0.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         7568371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   11003     59.51%     59.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     59.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     59.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    37      0.20%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   6820     36.89%     96.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   528      2.86%     99.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                38      0.21%     99.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               62      0.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             14006      0.08%      0.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              14831544     85.72%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   73      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  1562      0.01%     85.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                4414      0.03%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              1923120     11.11%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              525341      3.04%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            2266      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            490      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               17302816                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.256515                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       18488                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001068                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           42180245                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          18138345                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17242472                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               14811                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              16126                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6478                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               17299872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    7426                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           156023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        58414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  38191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  131572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  8102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            17573550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             42366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               1934579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               535566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  6775                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          31441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8902                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                40343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              17268746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               1919688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             34070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      2439597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   871072                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     519909                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.252071                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       17255149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      17248950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  15279042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  31765314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.249490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.480998                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          580609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              75                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             37956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      7473375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.273811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.161461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       891244     11.93%     11.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2980612     39.88%     51.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1402521     18.77%     70.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       684531      9.16%     79.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333405      4.46%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       318112      4.26%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       198080      2.65%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       277827      3.72%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       387043      5.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      7473375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             12911868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               16993040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        2391162                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1876165                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     851699                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       3836                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  16979515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 5792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        11296      0.07%      0.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         14586587     85.84%     85.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              51      0.00%     85.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             1481      0.01%     85.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           2463      0.01%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1875275     11.04%     96.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         514581      3.03%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          890      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          416      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          16993040                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                387043                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     24659981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    35243003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           99568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    12911868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      16993040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.593868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.593868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.683877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.683877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 33460362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                15846208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      9925                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     5593                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                   8582312                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 14255838                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 4202730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              2618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.612528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2261290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              3130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            722.456869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            179500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   507.612528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           4556254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          4556254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1746805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1746805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       514485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         514485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2261290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2261290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2261290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2261290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        14759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        15272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          15272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        15272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         15272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    908996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    908996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     40440500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40440500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    949436500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    949436500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    949436500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    949436500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1761564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1761564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       514998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       514998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2276562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2276562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2276562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2276562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61589.267566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61589.267566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78831.384016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78831.384016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62168.445521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62168.445521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62168.445521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62168.445521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.004098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   144.687500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    182012500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182012500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     39610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    221622500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221622500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    221622500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221622500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69364.519817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69364.519817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78280.632411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78280.632411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70805.910543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70805.910543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70805.910543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70805.910543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           491.885394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1710650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1235.126354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   491.885394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.960714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3426437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3426437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1710650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1710650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1710650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1710650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1710650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1710650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143262997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143262997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143262997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143262997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    143262997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143262997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1712526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1712526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1712526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1712526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1712526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1712526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76366.203092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76366.203092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76366.203092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76366.203092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76366.203092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76366.203092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111635997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111635997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111635997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111635997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111635997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111635997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80603.607942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80603.607942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80603.607942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80603.607942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80603.607942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80603.607942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       912                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2844.431930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       74.307045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        615.767686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2154.357198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.018141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.150334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.525966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.694441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    131909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   131909                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          870                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              870                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                   572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                  572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              473                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 473                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1263                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1263                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                2558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               2558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     38494500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      38494500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    108242500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    108242500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    172349000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    172349000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     108242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     210843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        319086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    108242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    210843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       319086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          870                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          870                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1385                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1385                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         2623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              3130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 4515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             3130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                4515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.932939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.932939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.911913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.794891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.794891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.911913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.817252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.846290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.911913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.817252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.846290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81383.720930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81383.720930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85702.692003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85702.692003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82661.390887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82661.390887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85702.692003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82425.136826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83508.505627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85702.692003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82425.136826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83508.505627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           17                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          473                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            473                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1263                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1263                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           2558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          2558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     33764500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33764500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151499000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151499000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95612500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    185263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    185263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.932939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.794891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.817252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.846290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.817252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.846290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71383.720930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71383.720930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.692003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.692003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72661.390887                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72661.390887                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.692003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72425.136826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73508.505627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.692003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72425.136826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73508.505627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4490                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          670                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         8311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         8311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       253824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       253824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  253824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3821    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         8008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            260                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          260                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3833969000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 12523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       241408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 386048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             912                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      9280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             5427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.050857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.219726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   5151     94.91%     94.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    276      5.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               5427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            5521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2078498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           4695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
