
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003432                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3432277000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 3432277000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 134626                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   300631                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97611789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 668748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    35.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     4733804                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10570926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           79040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          160000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             239040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        79040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         79040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             2500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           23028444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           46616284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              69644729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      23028444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         23028444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2330814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2330814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2330814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          23028444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          46616284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             71975543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 237952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    6592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  239040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 8000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    3432193500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    422.757417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   257.161894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.882104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          151     26.35%     26.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          117     20.42%     46.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           55      9.60%     56.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      7.33%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      5.93%     69.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      4.71%     74.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      3.14%     77.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      2.27%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          116     20.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean            609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    250.395270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1080.793227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.166667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.124179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.329160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                3     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2     33.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1     16.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     51468000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               121180500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   18590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13842.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32592.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        69.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     69.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      30.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     3149                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      86                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                68.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     889169.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2327640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1218195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14865480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 198360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23970960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             28414500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               875040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        90188820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        10264320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        756018420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              928341735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            270.474013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           3367542250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1031500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      10158000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3143173500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     26729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      53425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    197760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1856400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   956340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11681040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 339300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         20283120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             22537230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1640160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        71924310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        11471520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        767491920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              910181340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            265.182950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           3378570000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       8598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3190980500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     29874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      41786750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    157762750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 2565030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           2565030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            293414                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2059257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  100954                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2059257                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            1507140                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           552117                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        73114                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2042133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      786706                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1823                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2182078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           171                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          6864555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            2359021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       11485045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     2565030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            1608094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       4113152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  587000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           467                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   2182013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 93923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            6766267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.828560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.513327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  2838391     41.95%     41.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                    77313      1.14%     43.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    96042      1.42%     44.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    91575      1.35%     45.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    55774      0.82%     46.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   650260      9.61%     56.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   776337     11.47%     67.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   216082      3.19%     70.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  1964493     29.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              6766267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.373663                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.673094                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  1756621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               1210393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   3204561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                301192                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 293500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               24409045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 293500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  1955656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 1159045                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   3254040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                101140                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               23071645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  2179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  11770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  35062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            29916139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              48234282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         28761634                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             18415                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              13907721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 16008418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 66                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    389165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              2532323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             1080855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              3398                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            12092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   20115718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 127                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  17384104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            110035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         9544918                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11590908                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       6766267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.569231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.728815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             3136046     46.35%     46.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              214299      3.17%     49.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              215173      3.18%     52.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              303128      4.48%     57.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              908168     13.42%     70.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              567649      8.39%     78.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              878449     12.98%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              258376      3.82%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              284979      4.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         6766267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  599800     96.14%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    45      0.01%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   1614      0.26%     96.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 22303      3.57%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                41      0.01%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               65      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             50064      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              14270659     82.09%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   40      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  1268      0.01%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                4585      0.03%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              2216669     12.75%     95.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              837915      4.82%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            2402      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            502      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               17384104                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.532444                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      623868                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.035887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           42252844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          29644069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16182941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               15534                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              16762                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6781                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               17950133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    7775                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            23295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1267374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          227                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       535735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           346                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 293500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1112668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  7749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            20115845                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               2532323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              1080855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 78                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  6384                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         181779                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       194615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               376394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              16611301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               2042071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            772803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      2828776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  1330891                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     786705                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.419866                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       16352734                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      16189722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  12007763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  14657255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.358452                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.819237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         9544985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              32                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            293452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      5433449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.945528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.743890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2865124     52.73%     52.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       579483     10.67%     63.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       287310      5.29%     68.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       554292     10.20%     78.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       120432      2.22%     81.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       163696      3.01%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       132801      2.44%     86.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       185555      3.42%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       544756     10.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      5433449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              4733804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               10570926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        1810069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1264949                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1081064                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       3882                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  10532442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                36273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1414      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          8755715     82.83%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              22      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             1209      0.01%     82.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           2497      0.02%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1264049     11.96%     94.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         544704      5.15%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          900      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          416      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          10570926                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                544756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     25004604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    41570967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           98288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4733804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      10570926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.450114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.450114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.689601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.689601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 19133100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                14151276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     10314                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     5841                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                   5851292                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                  7604454                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 6674396                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              2547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.158139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2546704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              3059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            832.528277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            185500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   507.158139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.990543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           5126793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          5126793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      2002147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         2002147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       544557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         544557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2546704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2546704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2546704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2546704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        14600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        15163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          15163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        15163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         15163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    887855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    887855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     42282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    930137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    930137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    930137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    930137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      2016747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2016747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       545120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       545120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2561867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2561867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2561867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2561867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001033                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001033                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60811.986301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60811.986301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75101.243339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75101.243339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61342.544351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61342.544351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61342.544351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61342.544351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.340164                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.684211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        12104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    174932500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174932500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     41360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    216292500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216292500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    216292500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216292500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69917.066347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69917.066347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74254.937163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74254.937163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70706.930369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70706.930369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70706.930369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70706.930369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.197815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2180222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1584.463663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   505.197815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.986714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4365402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4365402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      2180222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2180222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       2180222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2180222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2180222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2180222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136492497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136492497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136492497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136492497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136492497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136492497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2182013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2182013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2182013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2182013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2182013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2182013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76210.216080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76210.216080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76210.216080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76210.216080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76210.216080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76210.216080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1267                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    74.529412                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    109653498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109653498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    109653498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109653498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    109653498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109653498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79690.042151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79690.042151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79690.042151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79690.042151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79690.042151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79690.042151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                       827                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2886.455855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.043070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       81.171320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        768.901951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2036.382585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.019817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.187720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.497164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.704701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733398                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    129255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   129255                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              669                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             140                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                140                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                   559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                  559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              489                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 489                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2011                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2011                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                2500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               2500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     39795500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      39795500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    106082500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    106082500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    165958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    165958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     106082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     205754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        311836500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    106082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    205754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       311836500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          669                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1375                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1375                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              3059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 4434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             3059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                4434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.877917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.877917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.898182                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.898182                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.803757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.803757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.898182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.817261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.842355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.898182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.817261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.842355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81381.390593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81381.390593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85896.761134                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85896.761134                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82525.360517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82525.360517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85896.761134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82301.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83490.361446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85896.761134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82301.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83490.361446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  125                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       125                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2011                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           2500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          2500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     34905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93732500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93732500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    145848500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145848500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93732500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    180754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     93732500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    180754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.877917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.898182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.803757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.898182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.817261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.842355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.898182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.817261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71381.390593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71381.390593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75896.761134                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75896.761134                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72525.360517                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72525.360517                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75896.761134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72301.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.361446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75896.761134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72301.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.361446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4402                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         8137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         8137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       247040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       247040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  247040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3735    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5721500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         7847                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3414                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            172                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          172                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3432277000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 12281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       238592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             828                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      8064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             5262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.034588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.182750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   5080     96.54%     96.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    182      3.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               5262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            5457500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2064998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           4588500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
